 L 101. Around the world in 80 days 1. Mr. Philius Fogg lived in London in the late 1800s. He was a member of a gentleman's club who always seemed to avoid attracting attention. There was no doubt that he was rich, but nobody knew how he made his money. Philius Fogg's only pastimes were reading the papers and playing cards. He had no family and was a very careful and logical man in everything he did. Philius Fogg left for the gentleman's club at the same time each day and always went home at exactly midnight. His servant was expected to be prompt and regular. Mr. Fogg had dismissed his last servant for bringing his shaving water to him at the wrong temperature. At exactly 11.30am Philius Fogg left for the gentleman's club. Pass Part 2, the new servant, found a card hung above the clock in his room. Written on the card was a very precise daily schedule. This is just what I wanted, said Pass Part 2 to himself. We shall get on together, Mr. Fogg and I. Mr. Fogg was now in the reading room of the gentleman's club. Several of Mr. Fogg's friends entered the room. They began to talk about a bank robbery that had occurred three days earlier. They had heard that 55,000 pounds had been stolen. The newspaper said that a gentleman was the robber. Some of the men said the world had grown smaller so the police could follow the robber anywhere. The others believed this fact would make it easier for the robber to hide. The world had not actually shrunk, but one could now travel around the world faster than before. It could be done within three months. Newer trains and steamers meant quicker travel. You can do it in 80 days, said Philius Fogg. The newspaper had written a story about it. The story had even included the estimated travel times and routes. All of the men, except Philius Fogg, thought it was impossible to actually travel around the world in 80 days. Mr. Fogg bet 20,000 pounds that he could do it. His friends thought he was joking. When they realized he was serious, they accepted his bet. All five men promised to pay Philius Fogg four thousand pounds each if he was successful. Mr. Fogg decided to start his adventure that very evening on Wednesday, October 2nd. This meant that he would be due in London at the Gentleman's Club on Saturday, December 21st at 8.45pm. Mr. Fogg left the club and went home to prepare for his adventure. Pass Part 2 was very surprised to see his master arrive home at a time different from the schedule. Pass Part 2 called out Mr. Fogg, we will leave in ten minutes. We are going around the world. Pass Part 2 opened his eyes wide in astonishment. Around the world, he said, in 80 days replied Mr. Fogg, prepare only one bag. We will buy clothes as we travel. Mr. Fogg then went to get his transport guide and 20,000 pounds. Mr. Fogg's friends from the Gentleman's Club were waiting for him at the train station. Mr. Fogg told his friends that his passport would be stamped in each country which would confirm the route his journey took. Pass Part 2 and his master settled into the first class car. Their journey around the world was about to begin. News of the bet soon appeared in the newspapers and created a lot of excitement. The excitement suddenly died down when Detective Fick sent a message to the London police. The message said, I've found the bank robber Philius Fogg, send an arrest warrant to Bombay. Yes, Mr. Fogg had been named as the main suspect for the bank robbery. The police thought that his journey around the world was a cover-up. Mr. Fogg and his servant were now on a steamer heading for Bombay through the Suez Canal. Detective Fick's boarded the same steamer in Suez. Bombay was in the British colony of India and Fick's planned to arrest Mr. Fogg there. The warrant could only be used within Britain and its colonies. They arrived in Bombay two days earlier than Mr. Fogg had planned. While Mr. Fogg went to get his passport stamped, Pass Part 2 went shopping. Detective Fick's went straight to the Bombay police headquarters, but the warrant had not arrived. Fick's then went to the train station to watch Mr. Fogg.