 M71, Black Beauty, 3. I carry the young ladies on my back, and sometimes I take our mistress out in the low chair. They think a great deal of me, and so does James. Are you going to live next door to me in the box? I said, yes. Well then, he said, I hope you are good tempered. I do not like anyone next door who bites. Just then a horse's head looked over from the stall beyond. The ears were laid back, and the eye looked rather ill-tempered. This was a tall chestnut mare with a long handsome neck. She looked across to me and said, so it is you who have turned me out of my box. It is a very strange thing for a cult like you to come and turn a lady out of her own home. I beg your pardon, I said. I have turned no one out. The man who brought me put me here, and I had nothing to do with it. And as to my being a cult, I am turned four years old and am a grown-up horse. I never had words yet with horse or mare, and it is my wish to live at peace. Well, she said, we shall see. Of course I do not want to have words with a young thing like you. I said no more. In the afternoon when she went out, Mary-legs told me all about it. The thing is this, said Mary-legs. Ginger has a bad habit of biting and snapping. That is why they call her ginger, and when she was in the loose box she used to snap very much. One day she bit James in the arm and made it bleed, and so Miss Flora and Miss Jessie, who are very fond of me, were afraid to come into the stable. They used to bring me nice things to eat, an apple or a carrot or a piece of bread. But after ginger stood in that box, they dared not come, and I missed them very much. I hope they will now come again if you do not bite or snap. I told him I never bit anything but grass, hay and corn, and could not think what pleasure ginger found in it. Well, I don't think she does find pleasure, says Mary-legs. It is just a bad habit. She says no one was ever kind to her, and why should she not bite? Of course it is a very bad habit, but I am sure if all she says be true she must have been very ill used before she came here. John does all he can to please her, and James does all he can, and our master never uses a whip if a horse acts right. So I think she might be good tempered here. You see, he said, with a wise look. I am 12 years old. I know a great deal, and I can tell you there is not a better place for a horse all around the country than this. John is the best groom that ever was. He has been here 14 years, and you never saw such a kind boy as James is, so that it is all ginger's own fault that she did not stay in that box. A fair start. The name of the coachman was John Manley. He had a wife and one little child, and they lived in the coachman's cottage very near the stables. The next morning he took me into the yard and gave me a good grooming, and just as I was going into my box with my coat soft and bright. The squire came in to look at me, and seemed pleased. John, he said, I meant to have tried the new horse this morning, but I have other business. You may as well take him around after breakfast. Go by the common and the highwood, and back by the watermelon the river. That will show his paces. I will, sir, said John. After breakfast he came and fitted me with a bridle. He was very particular in letting out and taking in the straps to fit my head comfortably. Then he brought a saddle, but it was not broad enough for my back. He saw it in a minute and went for another which fitted nicely. He rode me first slowly, then a trot, then a canter, and when we were on the common he gave me a light touch with his whip and we had a splendid gallop. Oh, oh, my boy, he said, as he pulled me up. You would like to follow the hounds, I think. As we came back through the park, we met the squire and Mrs. Gordon walking. They stopped, and John jumped off. Well, John, how does he go? First rates, sir, answered John. He is as fleet as a deer and has a fine spirit, too, but the lightest touch of the rain will guide him. Down at the end of the common, we met one of those traveling carts hung all over with baskets, rugs, and such like. You know, sir, many horses will not pass those carts quietly. He just took a good look at it and then went on as quiet and pleasant as could be. They were shooting rabbits near the highwood and a gun went off close by. He pulled up a little and looked, but did not stir a step to right or left. I just held the rain steady and did not hurry him, and it's my opinion he has not been frightened or illused while he was young. That's well, said the squire. I will try him myself tomorrow. The next day I was brought up for my master. I remembered my mother's council and my good old masters, and I tried to do exactly what he wanted me to do. I found he was a very good rider and thoughtful for his horse, too. When he came home, the lady was at the hall door as he rode up. Well, my dear, she said, how do you like him? He is exactly what John said, he replied, a more pleasant creature I never wished to mount. What shall we call him? Would you like Ebony? Said she. He is as black as Ebony. No, not Ebony. Will you call him Blackbird like your uncle's old horse? No, he is far handsomer than old Blackbird ever was. Yes, she said. He is really quite a beauty, and he has such a sweet good-tempered face and such a fine, intelligent eye. What do you say to calling him Black Beauty? Black Beauty? Why, yes, I think that is a very good name. If you like, it shall be his name, and so it was.