 O-131. The Invisible Man. 2. At four o'clock, when it was fairly dark, and Mrs. Hall was screwing up her courage to go in and ask her visitor if he would take some tea, Teddy Henry, the clock-jobber came into the bar. My sakes, Mrs. Hall, said he, but this is terrible weather for thin boots. The snow outside was falling faster. Mrs. Hall agreed with him, and then noticed he had his bag, and hit upon a brilliant idea. Now you're here, Mr. Teddy, said she. I'd be glad if you'd give the old clock in the parlor a bit of a look. Tis going, and it strikes well and hearty, but the hour-hand won't do nothing but point at six. And leading the way, she went across to the parlor door and wrapped and entered. Her visitor, she saw as she opened the door, was seated in the armchair before the fire. Loosing, it would seem, with his bandaged head drooping on one side. The only light in the room was the red glow from the fire, which lit his eyes like adverse railway signals, but left his downcast face in darkness, and the scanty vestiges of the day that came in through the open door. Everything was ruddy, shadowy, and indistinct to her. The more so since she had just been lighting the bar-lamp and her eyes were frazzled. But for a second, it seemed to her that the man she looked at had an enormous mouth wide open, a vast and incredible mouth that swallowed the whole of the lower portion of his face. It was the sensation of a moment, the white-bound head, the monstrous goggle eyes, and this huge yawn below it. Then he stirred, started up in his chair, put up his hand. She opened the door wide so that the room was lighter, and she saw him more clearly, with the muffler held to his face just as she had seen him hold the survey at before. The shadows she fancied had tricked her. Would you mind, sir, this man coming to look at the clock, sir? She said, recovering from her momentary shock. Look at the clock? he said, staring round in a drowsy manner, and speaking over his hand, and then getting more fully awake, certainly. Mrs. Hall went away to get a lamp, and he rose and stretched himself. One came the light, and Mr. Teddy Henfrey, entering, was confronted by this bandaged person. He was, he says, taken a back. Good afternoon, said the stranger regarding him, as Mr. Henfrey says, with a vivid sense of the dark spectacles, like a lobster. I hope, said Mr. Henfrey, that it's no intrusion. None, whatever, said the stranger. Though I understand, he said, turning to Mrs. Hall, that this room is really to be mine for my own private use. I thought, sir, said Mrs. Hall, you'd prefer the clock. She was going to say, mended. Certainly, said the stranger. Certainly, but as a rule, I like to be alone and undisturbed. But I'm really glad to have the clock seen to, he said, seeing a certain hesitation in Mr. Henfrey's manner. Very glad, Mr. Henfrey had intended to apologize and withdraw, but this anticipation reassured him. The stranger stood round with his back to the fireplace, and put his hands behind his back. And presently, he said, when the clock mending is over, I think I should like to have some tea, but not till the clock mending is over. Mrs. Hall was about to leave the room. She made no conversational advances this time, because she did not want to be snubbed in front of Mr. Henfrey. When her visitor asked her if she had made any arrangements about his boxes at Bramble Hurst, she told him she had mentioned the matter to the postman, and that the carrier could bring them over on the morrow. You are certain that is the earliest? He said, she was certain, with a marked coldness. I should explain, he added, what I was really too cold and fatigued to do before, that I am an experimental investigator. Indeed, sir, said Mrs. Hall, much impressed. And my baggage contains apparatus and appliances. "'Very useful things, indeed they are, sir,' said Mrs. Hall. "'And I'm naturally anxious to get on with my inquiries. Of course, sir. My reason for coming to Ipping,' he proceeded, with a certain deliberation of manner, was a desire for solitude. I do not wish to be disturbed in my work. In addition to my work, an accident, I thought as much,' said Mrs. Hall to herself. "'Necessitates a certain retirement. My eyes are sometimes so weak and painful that I have to shut myself up in the dark for hours together. Lock myself up, sometimes now and then, not at present, certainly. At such times, the slightest disturbance, the entry of a stranger into the room, is a source of excruciating annoyance to me. It is well these things should be understood.' "'Certainly, sir,' said Mrs. Hall. And if I might make so bold as to ask, that I think is all,' said the stranger, with that quietly irresistible air of finality he could assume it will. Mrs. Hall reserved her question and sympathy for a better occasion. After Mrs. Hall had left the room, he remained standing in front of the fire, glaring, so Mr. Henry puts it, at the clock-mending. Mr. Henry not only took off the hands of the clock and the face, but extracted the works, and he tried to work in as slow and quiet and unassuming a manner as possible. He worked with the lamp close to him, and the green shade threw a brilliant light upon his hands, and upon the frame and wheels, and left the rest of the room shadowy. When he looked up, colored patches swam in his eyes. Being constitutionally of a curious nature, he had removed the works, a quite unnecessary proceeding, with the idea of delaying his departure, and perhaps falling into conversation with the stranger. And the stranger stood there, perfectly silent, and still. So still it got on Henry's nerves. He felt alone in the room, and looked up, and there, gray and dim, with a bandaged head and huge blue lenses, staring fixately with a mist of green spots drifting in front of them. It was so uncanny looking to Henry, that for a minute they remained staring blankly at one another. Then Henry looked down again. Very uncomfortable position. One would like to say something. Should he remark that the weather was very cold for the time of year? He looked up as if to take aim with that introductory shot. The weather! He began. "'Why don't you finish and go?' said the rigid figure, evidently in a state of painfully suppressed rage. All you've got to do is to fix the hour hand on its axle. You're simply humbugging.' Certainly, sir, one minute more, sir.