 K31. Tom Brown's school days. 2. The bully banged hard on the door. Flashman and his friends tried to kick the door in, but the door was too strong for them to break. Soon it will be time for bed. We cannot stay here, whispered East. Flashmen will attack us when we go out. They sneaked out of the room and ran away from Flashman. Tom and East told their friends what had happened. All the boys said they would no longer do errands for Flashman. Having been bullied so many times, they could not suffer anymore. Later, Flashman ordered Tom to bring him his hat. Tom refused. Again, Flashman and his friends beat up Tom. The young boys took revenge. They made a mess of the bully's rooms. The boys sometimes placed bets on horses running in the big races. There was a day when Tom got the winning ticket. Flashman ordered Tom to give it to him, but Tom refused. Flashman then dragged Tom away. East tried to pull Tom back, but he was not strong enough. I will roast you, shouted Flashman. Tom was held in front of the fireplace. He slowly turned white and began to feel very sick. The heat and smoke of the fire were too strong. East ran off to get digs, an older boy and a friend who protected the younger boys. Just as digs entered the room, Tom fainted. He is dying, cried digs. Get water quickly. The housekeeper brought water and medicine for Tom. His clothes are burned, she cried. Who has done such a bad thing? I will speak to the headmaster about this. But nobody answered. Tom felt much better after a good night's sleep. He and East promised not to let Flashman win. They decided not to tell the headmaster about what had happened. From that day on, Flashman became much quieter. Flashman did not cause so much trouble after that, but he was still angry at Tom and East. But Tom and East began to enjoy their life more at school. Sometimes Tom and East would secretly meet with digs in the hallway at night. The boys were all supposed to be in bed. They were not allowed to go into the hallways at night. But some of the boys liked breaking the rules. They saw it as a little adventure. One night, as Tom and East sat in the hall, Flashman came. Flashman did not see digs sitting in a corner. Flashman started hitting and cursing the boys. Digs jumped up from his corner and said to Tom and East, I think you should stop Flashman bullying you. You boys should fight against him, said digs. I will make sure it's a fair fight. One at a time, Tom and East started fighting with Flashman. First Tom hit Flashman and then East would hit him. Flashman was big, but he was not at all fit. He was quite slow at fighting. The two boys hit Flashman as hard as they could, but Flashman was bigger than them. Flashman could easily knock the boys down. This isn't a fair fight, said digs. You are too big for them. They must fight together. Tom and East hit Flashman with all their might. Flashman fell and hit his head. His head was badly injured. Tom and East felt bad. We are sorry, Tom said. You will pay for this, said Flashman. Tom had also hurt his head.