 M161, Canada 2. In 1982, Britain passed its final law with respect to Canada. With that, British control over Canada ended. Canada has remained a member of the Commonwealth of Nations and still has the monarch of England as its head of state. Although over the centuries, the French government had lost control of its colonies in Canada, the local French people were able to keep their connection with their heritage. Laws were made by the British government that protected their educational and civil law rights as well as the use of French. This influence is still seen today, with Canada having both French and English as its official languages. You can see French and English signs, packages and documents all over Canada, but only some areas are considered to be truly bilingual. Such areas as Quebec, Ottawa and New Brunswick are good examples of this. As Canada grew into a multicultural society, different cultural influences also had an effect on the number of languages spoken. In fact, more than 15 different European and Asian languages are listed in census reports. Also an estimated 50 different languages are spoken by the various indigenous groups. The province of Ontario is located in the south-eastern area of Canada. It is home to two important cities. The first is Ottawa, which is the capital of Canada. The second is Toronto, which is not only the capital city for the province of Ontario, but also Canada's largest city. Ottawa began life as the capital in 1857 when it was chosen by Queen Victoria. There are several interesting stories about how it was chosen. One suggests that the queen liked watercolors she had seen of the area, while another says she closed her eyes and randomly pointed to a place on the map. The truth, however, shows that Ottawa was chosen for very particular reasons. The first was that it was on the border of Upper and Lower Canada, with a mixed population of both English and French-speaking people. The second was that it could be reached by land and water, and was in a position that would be easy to defend. And the third was that the government already owned a large piece of land there. Ottawa has grown into a major center for high-tech companies, dealing with all areas of computer and information technology. It is estimated that more than 1,500 advanced technology companies have offices in Ottawa. Toronto has grown into Canada's biggest metropolitan area and is a major financial and commercial center. It is also home to the CN Tower, which is a symbol of the city. It was the world's tallest, freestanding structure made by man for many years. Toronto is a very multicultural city, with many different neighborhoods. You can feel as if you are passing from one country to another when you make your way through the neighborhoods. Areas such as Little Poland, Greak Town, and Portugal Village are just a few examples. Restaurants offering authentic food, specialty shops, and sometimes architecture are what help to create the atmosphere of another country. Examples of multiculturalism like this can be found all over Canada. Canada has many different industries that support its economy. Forestry, agriculture, and mining are key ones. Forestry is made up of several main areas. One area is lumber, wood, and building products. Another is the pulp and paper sector. Forestry is one of the largest industries in Canada. It also accounts for more than 20% of world trade in forest products. Canada exports to more than 100 countries. These facts are quite impressive when you consider that almost half of Canada is covered with forest, yet only a small portion is cut down by the industry each year. The agriculture and food industries are vital to Canada's economy. Major areas of production are grain and fruit and vegetable, even though less than one-twelfth of Canada's land is suitable for growing crops. There is also dairy farming and livestock, as well as food and beverage production. These two industries combined are one of Canada's largest employers. Canada's natural environment provides the base for its mining industry. Around 80% of the minerals and metals produced are exported. Canada is considered one of the world leaders in the production of minerals such as uranium, zinc, and nickel. It is also a major producer of iron ore, which has led to the development of a substantial steel industry. There are many other major industries that have an impact on Canada's economy. Tourism and connected service industries, such as hotels and restaurants, make up one of the important domestic industries. During the first six months of 2007 alone, Canada had 7.3 million international visitors. Canada's multicultural cities and reputation for being a safe country to visit are factors that attract these visitors. However, Canada's biggest attraction is its amazing landscapes, which include mountain ranges and extreme environments. It is a paradise for nature lovers. The establishment of national parks more than 100 years ago is one of the main influences behind the protection of Canada's environment. The first of more than 40 national parks in Canada was Banff National Park. It was established in 1885 and has become world famous for its hot springs and breathtaking scenery, especially the Canadian Rockies. Wood Buffalo National Park is Canada's largest park. It was set up in 1922 to protect the remaining free roaming bison in Canada. Another major tourist attraction is Niagara Falls. It stretches across the border between the province of Ontario in Canada and the state of New York in the United States. Niagara Falls is made up of three sections that are separated by two different islands. The Canadian part is known as Horseshoe Falls. Around 168,000 cubic meters of water falls over the top of Niagara Falls every minute during the tourist season. This amount of water flows down from the Niagara River, which has become an important source of hydropower generation. In the evening and non-tourist season, water is diverted to the hydropower stations. This means that the amount of water that flows over the falls is reduced to approximately 85,000 cubic meters every minute. There are many other interesting places in Canada. In fact, by world standards, Canada is considered a great place to live, with Canadians having one of the highest standards of living in the world.