 J. 181. Treasure Island 2. Silver and his friends were pirates. I told the news to Captain Smollett, Mr. Trellani and Dr. Livesey. We were all afraid. Mr. Gray and some crew members joined our side, but Silver had more men. We would need lots of luck to beat them. Nobody lived on the island. After Silver and some of the crew landed, I secretly followed them through a forest. I hid behind some bushes. Silver was threatening one of the crew. You must fight for us, Silver ordered, but the man refused to help Silver get the treasure. I've already killed one, laughed Silver. Must I kill you two? I prefer to die, the man said. Silver killed him with a knife. I was so scared that I could not move. After a while I ran away. Suddenly I saw something move in the bushes. Was it a man, a bear, or a monkey? I was scared. But it was a man. His clothes were rags and he was very dirty. Who are you? I asked. I'm Ben Gunn, the man replied. Ben said that his friends had left him behind on the island many years ago. I told him my story. He was frightened to learn that Silver was on the island. Ben had sailed to the island with Silver, Billy Bones, and Captain Flint to bury the treasure. Flint buried the treasure and years later I came here on another ship. I told the man to look for treasure. Ben told me. But we couldn't find the treasure. They were angry and sailed away without me. Ben promised to help fight against Silver and the pirates. In return Ben wanted a share of the treasure. He also wanted to be taken back to England on our ship. I know where the treasure is, Ben said. I thought that Ben was a little mad. Suddenly we heard the sound of a cannon firing. Silver and his pirates were fighting against Mr. Trelawney, Dr. Livesy, and some of our crew. They escaped to the island from the ship. They ran into the old fort. Gunns fired and swords clashed. I could hear men scream in pain. Many men were being killed and injured. Ben returned to his home on the island while I walked to the fort. I told my friends all about Ben Gun. From the shore I could see that Silver's men had taken control of the Hispaniola. The pirates flag flew on the ship. There were only a few pirates on board. I decided to go to the ship to take it back to the island. I rode Ben's small boat alone out to the Hispaniola. When I climbed onto the ship, one of the pirates tried to kill me. Quickly I pulled out my gun, shooting him dead. At last I took control of the ship. I hid the ship at the north of the island. When I landed, I was caught by Silver and his friends. They had taken over our fort. Silver's pirates wanted to kill me, but Silver wanted to keep me alive. He told me that Captain Smollett and his friends had surrendered. Silver said Dr. Livesy had given up fighting after the ship had disappeared. Silver didn't kill them because the doctor promised to take care of the injured pirates. They gave the map to Silver and left the fort. One day the doctor came to the fort and got angry when he saw me with Silver. He was upset because nobody knew where I had gone.