 K181. The witches, too. I myself, just seven years old, was crouched on the floor at her feet, wearing pajamas, dressing gown and slippers. You swear you aren't pulling my leg? I kept saying to her. You swear you aren't just pretending? Listen, she said. I have known no less than five children who have simply vanished off the face of this earth, never to be seen again. The witches took them. I still think you're just trying to frighten me, I said. I am trying to make sure you don't go the same way, she said. I love you, and I want you to stay with me. Tell me about the children who disappeared, I said. My grandmother was the only grandmother I ever met who smoked cigars. She lit one now, a long black cigar that smelled of burning rubber. The first child I knew who disappeared, she said, was called Runghild Hanson. Runghild was about eight at the time, and she was playing with her little sister on the lawn. Her mother, who was baking bread in the kitchen, came outside for a breath of air. Where's Runghild? she asked. She went away with the tall lady, the little sister said. What tall lady? The mother said. The tall lady in white gloves, the little sister said. She took Runghild by the hand and led her away. No one, my grandmother said, ever saw Runghild again. Didn't they search for her? I asked. They searched for miles around, everyone in the town helped, but they never found her. What happened to the other four children? I asked. They vanished just as Runghild did. How, Grandma? How did they vanish? In every case, a strange lady was seen outside the house just before it happened. But how did they vanish? I asked. The second one was very peculiar, my grandmother said. There was a family called Christensen. They lived up on Holman-Colon, and they had an old oil painting in the living room, which they were very proud of. The painting showed some ducks in the yard outside of farmhouse. There were no people in the painting, just a flock of ducks on a grassy farm yard, and the farmhouse in the background. It was a large painting, and rather pretty. Well, one day their daughter's soul-veg came home from school eating an apple. She said a nice lady had given it to her on the street. The next morning, little soul-veg was not in her bed. The parents searched everywhere, but they couldn't find her. Then all of a sudden her father shouted, there she is! That's soul-veg feeding the ducks. He was pointing at the oil painting, and sure enough, soul-veg was in it. She was standing in the farm yard in the act of throwing bread to the ducks out of a basket. The father rushed up to the painting and touched her. But that didn't help. She was simply a part of the painting, just a picture painted on the canvas. Did you ever see that painting, Grandma-ma-ma, with a little girl in it? Many times, my grandmother said. And the peculiar thing was that little soul-veg kept changing her position in the picture. One day she would actually be inside the farmhouse, and you could see her face looking out of the window. Another day she would be far over to the left, with a duck in her arms. Did you see her moving in the picture, Grandma-ma-ma? Nobody did. Wherever she was, whether outside feeding the ducks, or inside looking out of the window, she was always motionless, just a figure painted in oils. It was all very odd, my grandmother said. Very odd indeed. And what was most odd of all was that as the years went by, she kept growing older in the picture. In ten years, the small girl had become a young woman. In thirty years she was middle-aged, then all at once, fifty-four years after it all happened, she disappeared from the picture altogether. You mean she died? I said. Who knows? My grandmother said. Some very mysterious things go on in the world of witches. It's too you've told me about, I said. What happened to the third one?