 J. 131. The prince and the pauper, too. "'I'm not Tom! I'm the prince,' said Edward. "'Take me to the king!'' Tom's father shook Edward. "'Your mad son, I will take you home and beat you,' John Canty said. On the way home, they met Father Andrew, who tried to stop John Canty from hitting the boy. "'Don't you love your son?' the old priest asked John Canty. "'Mind your own business!' shouted Tom's father. He hit Father Andrew. The priest fell down on the ground. He was badly injured so he could not stand up. John left the priest and took Edward home. When they got home, John said to his wife, "'Tom has no money for us. Don't give him any food!' The prince was beaten and sent to bed. Tom's mother was worried about her son. "'I'm the prince,' he kept saying to her. "'Tom, you have gone mad,' she sobbed. "'You are not a prince! Stop saying that!' As the night went on, she began to wonder about her son. He said such strange things in his sleep. Suddenly, there was a knock on the door. A voice said, "'John Canty, you hit Father Andrew and he is dead. Run for your life. The police will come for you.' John Canty escaped with his family. Tom Canty, meanwhile, admired his fine robes in front of the mirror. But he began to feel lonely. He was missing his friends. Tom was very worried. If people found out that he was not the real prince, he would be punished. One of the court ladies ran out of his room when he told her that he was really a beggar. Rumor that the prince had gone mad spread around the palace very quickly. Tom was very nervous. Will the king kill me when he knows I am only a beggar?' Tom worried. He looked outside the door of his room and saw only servants. They bowed to him. He quickly shut the door. King Henry VIII had heard the rumors. "'Bring my son to me,' the king ordered. Prince took Tom down a long hallway to the room where the king was lying on a couch. He was seriously ill.' The king hugged Tom. "'You are my son. You will be king one day,' Henry told him. King Henry VIII could not understand why his son could not remember details about his life. And is this silly game you are playing?' He asked Tom. "'You must have a fever. I order my doctors to make you well.' The king decided to hold a party for his son, who would one day become king. The next day Tom was dressed as the prince and went to the party. He had many servants to look after him. Later, everyone returned to the palace to rest. The king was upset because he could not find his grand seal. He used the special seal to stamp all his letters. While all this was happening, the true prince had managed to escape from John Cantey. Edward was very angry when he found out that there was a party for the prince. That Tom Cantey is a liar. "'I'm the real prince,' Edward told himself. I will have Tom Cantey killed for this crime.'