 K161 Helen Keller 2 However, Helen had learned only the basic way to speak from Miss Fuller. So it took a lot of practice, and for a long time people could not understand what Helen was trying to say. After much practice, Helen was able to make herself understood. Miss Sullivan also corrected Helen when she made a mistake. Helen was able to read Braille, and now she also knew how to speak. Helen now dreamed of going to college. Her dream came true when she went to study for a BA degree at Radcliffe College. Miss Sullivan sat by Helen all through her classes and homework, spelling the words from books into Helen's hand. Helen also enjoyed writing. She wrote many articles for newspapers and magazines. Helen often wrote about blindness, deafness, women's rights, and other social issues. She had many works published. Her first book, The Story of My Life, was published in 1903. It is now available in more than 50 languages. Helen tried to improve the lives of other people who were blind or who, like herself, were both deaf and blind. She helped many people around the world by raising money so that deaf and blind people could be educated too. Helen was always eager to show what disabled people could achieve in life. She was able to communicate with people by gently touching their faces and feeling the movement of their lips. Everyone was impressed by her courage. In 1924, Helen started a fund, which was named after her, to raise money for the blind. The money was used to provide more schools for the blind, as well as books in Braille. After World War II ended in 1945, Helen met with many war veterans in the United States. Many of the men had lost their sight or hearing, or they suffered from other disabilities. Because Helen was also disabled, she could understand their feelings. Helen's visits gave soldiers great courage and hope. She called this period the crowning experience of my life. Helen started traveling all over the world. During the 11 years between 1946 and 1957, she visited 35 countries. One of her longest trips was taken when she was 75 years old. She spent five months visiting various countries in Asia. Wherever she went, Helen gave and received great warmth. Helen met many world leaders, including US President, J.F. Kennedy, and India's Prime Minister, Jawaharlal Nehru. Through these visits, Helen kept appealing for the need of relief for the disabled. She also wanted people to understand that the disabled were not special, but like everybody else. In 1964, President Lyndon Johnson presented her with the Presidential Medal of Freedom. The highest award a civilian can receive in the US. After receiving the prestigious award, Helen said, when one door of happiness closes, another opens. But often, we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been open for us. A year after being presented with the medal, Helen was elected to the Women's Hall of Fame at the New York World's Fair. Helen passed away just before her 88th birthday. Senator Lister Hill of Alabama summed up what people felt about Helen. She will live on, one of the few, the immortal names, not born to die. Her spirit will endure as long as man can read, and stories can be told of the woman who showed the world there are no boundaries to courage and faith.