 M181, the diary of a young girl. 2. The thought of father of visiting someone in the Jewish hospital and completely unaware of what was happening, the long wait for mother, the heat, the suspense, all this reduced us to silence. Suddenly the doorbell rang again. That's hello, I said. Don't open the door! Exclaimed Margot to stop me. But it wasn't necessary, since we heard mother and Mr. Vandana downstairs talking to hello. And then the two of them came inside and shut the door behind them. Every time the bell rang, either Margot or I had to tiptoe downstairs to see if it was father, and we didn't let anyone else in. Margot and I were sent from the room, as Mr. Vandana wanted to talk to mother alone. When she and I were sitting in our bedroom, Margot told me that the call-up was not for father, but for her. At this second shock, I began to cry. Margot was sixteen, apparently they want to send girls her age away on their own. But thank goodness she won't be going. Mother had said so herself, which must be what father had meant when he talked to me about our going into hiding. Hiding. Where would we hide? In the city? In the country? In a house? In a shack? When? Where? How? These were questions I wasn't allowed to ask, but they still kept running through my mind. Margot and I started packing our most important belongings into a school bag. The first thing I stuck in was this diary, and then curlows, handkerchiefs, schoolbooks, a comb and some old letters. We occupied by the thought of going into hiding. I stuck the craziest things in the bag, but I'm not sorry. Memories mean more to me than dresses. Father finally came home around five o'clock, and we called Mr. Kleinman to ask if he could come by that evening. Mr. Vandana left and went to get meep. He arrived and promised to return later that night, taking with her a bag full of shoes, dresses, jackets, underwear and stockings. After that it was quiet in our apartment. None of us felt like eating. It was still hot, and everything was very strange. We had rented our big upstairs room to a Mr. Goldschmidt, a divorced man in his thirties, who apparently had nothing to do that evening. Since despite all our polite hints, he hung around until ten o'clock. Meep and young geese came at eleven. Meep, who's worked for Father's company since 1933, has become a close friend, and so has her husband, Jan. Once again, shoes, stockings, books and underwear, disappeared into Meep's bag, and Jan's deep pockets. At eleven thirty they too disappeared. I was exhausted, and even though I knew it would be my last night in my own bed, I fell asleep right away, and didn't wake up until Mother called me at five thirty the next morning. Fortunately, it wasn't as hot as Sunday, a warm rain fell throughout the day. The four of us were wrapped in so many layers of clothes. It looked as if we were going off to spend the night in a refrigerator, and all that, just so we could take more clothes with us. No Jew in our situation would dare leave the house with a suitcase full of clothes. I was wearing two undershirts, three pairs of underpants, a dress, and over that a skirt, a jacket, a ringcoat, two pairs of stockings, heavy shoes, a cap, a scarf, and lots more. I was suffocating even before we left the house, but no one bothered to ask me how I felt. Margot stuffed her school bag with schoolbooks, went to get her bicycle, and with me pleading the way, rode off into the great unknown. At any rate, that's how I thought of it, since I still didn't know where our hiding place was. At seven thirty, we too closed the door behind us. Margotchy, my cat, was the only living creature I said goodbye to. According to a note we left for Mr. Goldschmidt, she was to be taken to the neighbors who would give her a good home. The stripped beds, the breakfast things on the table, the pound of meat for the cat and the kitchen, all of these created the impression that we'd left in a hurry. We weren't interested in impressions, we just wanted to get out of there, to get away and reach our destination in safety. Nothing else mattered. More tomorrow, yours and. Thursday, July 9th, 1942. There is Kitty. Walking in the pouring rain, each of us with a school bag and a shopping bag filled to the brim with the most varied assortment of items. The people on their way to work at that early hour gave us sympathetic looks. You could tell by their faces that they were sorry they couldn't offer us some kind of transportation. The conspicuous yellow star spoke for itself. Only when we were walking down the street, did father and mother reveal little by little what the plan was. For months we'd been moving as much of our furniture and apparel out of the apartment as we could. It was agreed that we'd go into hiding on July 16th. Because of Margot's call-up notice, the plan had to be moved up 10 days, which meant we'd have to make do with less orderly rooms. The hiding place was located in Father's office building. That's a little hard for outsiders to understand, so I'll explain. So didn't have a lot of people working in his office. Just Mr. Kugler, Mr. Climmon, Meep and a 23 year old typist named Beb Voskyl, all of whom were informed of our coming. Mr. Voskyl, Beb's father, works in the warehouse along with two assistants, none of whom were told anything. Here's a description of the building. The large warehouse on the ground floor is used as a workroom and storeroom, and is divided into several different sections, such as the stock room and the milling room, where cinnamon, cloves, and a pepper substitute are ground. Next to the warehouse doors is another outside door, a separate entrance to the office. Just inside the office door is a second door, and beyond that, a stairway. At the top of the stairs is another door, with a frosted window on which the word office is written in black letters. This is the big front office, very large, very light, and very full. Beb, Meep, and Mr. Climmon work there during the day.