 O31 of Human Bondage 2 The young men who were sent down to him knew only hospital practice, and they came with the unconcealed scorn for the general practitioner, which they had adsorbed in the air at the hospital. But they had seen only the complicated cases which appeared in the wards. They knew how to treat and obscure disease of the super-reinal bodies, but were helpless when consulted for a cold in the head. Their knowledge was theoretical, and their self-assurance unbounded. Dr. South watched them with tightened lips. He took a savage pleasure in showing them how great was their ignorance and how unjustified their conceit. It was a poor practice, a fishing folk, and the doctor made up his own prescriptions. Dr. South asked his assistant how he expected to make both ends meet if he gave a fisherman with a stomach ache a mixture consisting of half a dozen expensive drugs. He complained too that the young medical men were uneducated. Their reading consisted of the sporting times and the British medical journal. They could neither write a legible hand nor spell correctly. For two or three days, Dr. South watched Philip closely, ready to fall on him with acid sarcasm if he gave him the opportunity. And Philip, aware of this, went about his work with a quiet sense of amusement. He was pleased with the change of occupation. He liked the feeling of independence and of responsibility. All sorts of people came to the consulting room. He was gratified because he seemed able to inspire his patients with confidence. And it was entertaining to watch the process of cure which at a hospital, necessarily, could be watched only at distant intervals. His rounds took him into low-roofed cottages in which were fishing tackle and sails, and here and there, mementos of deep sea traveling. Blacker box from Japan, spears and doors from Melanesia, or daggers from the Bazaars of Stamble. There was an air of romance in the stuffy little rooms, and the salt of the sea gave them a bitter freshness. Philip liked to talk to the Sailormen, and when they found that he was not super-silias, they told him long yarns of the distant journeys of their youth. Once or twice he made a mistake in diagnosis. He had never seen a case of measles before, and when he was confronted with the rash, took it for an obscure disease of the skin. And once or twice his ideas of treatment differed from Dr. South's. The first time this happened, Dr. South attacked him with savage irony, but Philip took it with good humor. He had some gift for repartee, and he made one or two answers which caused Dr. South to stop and look at him curiously. Philip's face was grave, but his eyes were twinkling. The old gentleman could not avoid the impression that Philip was chaffing him. He was used to being disliked and feared by his assistants, and this was a new experience. He had half a mind to fly into a passion and pack Philip off by the next train. He had done that before with his assistants. But he had an uneasy feeling that Philip then would simply laugh at him outright, and suddenly he felt amused. His mouth formed itself into a smile against his will, and he turned away. In a little while he grew conscious that Philip was amusing himself systematically at his expense. He was taken a back at first, and then diverted. Damn his impudence. He chuckled to himself. Damn his impudence. One evening when Philip had reached his last week with Dr. South, a child came to the surgery door while the old doctor and Philip were making up prescriptions. It was a little ragged girl with a dirty face and bare feet. Philip opened the door. Please, sir, would you come to Mrs. Fletcher's in Ivy Lane at once? What's the matter with Mrs. Fletcher? Called out Dr. South and his rasping voice. The child took no notice of him, but addressed herself again to Philip. Please, sir, her little boy's had an accident, and will you come at once? Tell Mrs. Fletcher I'm coming. Called out Dr. South, the little girl hesitated for a moment, and putting a dirty finger in a dirty mouth stood still and looked at Philip. What's the matter, kid? said Philip, smiling. Please, sir, Mrs. Fletcher says, will the new doctor come? There was a sound in the dispensary, and Dr. South came out into the passage. Isn't Mrs. Fletcher satisfied with me? He barked. I've attended Mrs. Fletcher since she was born. Why aren't I good enough to attend her filthy brat? The little girl looked for a moment as though she were going to cry. Then she thought better of it. She put out her tongue deliberately at Dr. South, and before he could recover from his astonishment, bolted off as fast as she could run. Philip saw that the old gentleman was annoyed. You look rather fact, and it's a good-ish way to Ivy Lane, he said, by way of giving him an excuse not to go himself. Dr. South gave a low snarl. It's a damn sight-nearer for a man who's got the use of both legs, and for a man who's only got one and a half. Philip retained and stood silent for a while. Do you wish me to go, or will you go yourself? He said it last frigidly. What's the good of my going? They want you. Philip took up his hat and went to see the patient. It was hard upon eight o'clock when he came back. Dr. South was standing in the dining room with his back to the fireplace. You've been a long time, he said. I'm sorry. Why didn't you start dinner? Because I chose to wait. Have you been all this while it misses flutches? No, I'm afraid I haven't. I stopped to look at the sunset on my way back, and I didn't think of the time. Dr. South did not reply, and the servant brought in some grilled spratts. Philippate them with an excellent appetite. Suddenly, Dr. South shot a question at him. Why did you look at the sunset? I'm not answered with his mouthful. Because I was happy. Dr. South gave him an odd look, and the shadow of a smile flickered across his old, tired face. They ate the rest of the dinner in silence. But when the maid had given them the port and left the room, the old man leaned back and fixed his sharp eyes on Philip. Just on you up a bit when I spoke of your game-leg young fellow, he said, people always do, directly or indirectly, when they get angry with me. I suppose they know it's your weak point. Philip faced him and looked at him steadily. Are you very glad to have discovered it? The doctor did not answer, but he gave a chuckle of bitter mirth.