 O one, a retrieved reformation, one. A guard came to the prison shoe shop where Jimmy Valentine was a situously stitching uppers and escorted him to the front office. There the warden handed Jimmy his pardon, which had been signed that morning by the governor. Jimmy took it in a tired kind of way. He had served nearly ten months of a four-year sentence. He had expected to stay only about three months at the longest. When a man with his many friends on the outside as Jimmy Valentine had is received in the stir, it is hardly worthwhile to cut his hair. Now Valentine said the warden, you'll go out in the morning, brace up and make a man of yourself. You're not a bad fellow at heart. Stop cracking safes and live straight. Me? said Jimmy in surprise. Why, I never cracked as safe in my life. Oh no! Laugh the warden. Of course not. Let's see now. How was it you happened to get sent up on that Springfield job? Was it because you wouldn't prove an alibi for fear of compromising somebody in extremely high-toned society? Or was it simply a case of a mean old jury that had it in for you? It's always one or the other with you innocent victims. Me? said Jimmy still blankly virtuous. Why warden? I never was in Springfield in my life. Take him back, Cronin. Smile the warden. And fix him up without going clothes. Unlock him at seven in the morning and let him come to the bullpen. Better think over my advice, Valentine. At a quarter past seven on the next morning, Jimmy stood in the warden's outer office. He had on a suit of the villainously fitting, ready-made clothes and a pair of the stiff, squeaky shoes that the state furnishes to its discharged compulsory guests. The clerk handed him a railroad ticket and the five-dollar bill with which the law expected him to rehabilitate himself into good citizenship and prosperity. Valentine, 9-7-6-2, was chronicled on the books, pardoned by Governor, and Mr. James Valentine walked out into the sunshine. Jimmy proceeded leisurely to the depot and boarded his train. Three hours set him down in a little town near the state line. He went to the cafe of one Mike Dolan and shook hands with Mike, who was alone behind the bar. Sorry we couldn't make it sooner Jimmy, me boy, said Mike. But we had that protest from Springfield to Buck against and the governor nearly bucked. Feeling all right? Fine, said Jimmy. Got my key? He got his key and went upstairs, unlocking the door of a room at the rear. Everything was just as he had left it. There on the floor was still Ben Price's collar button that had been torn from that eminent detective's shirtband when they had overpowered Jimmy to arrest him. Pulling out from the wall, a folding bed. Jimmy slid back a panel in the wall and dragged out a dust-covered suitcase. He opened this, engaged fondly at the finest set of burglar's tools in the east. It was a complete set, made of specially tempered steel. The latest designs in drills, punches, braces and bits, Jimmy's, clamps and augurs, with two or three novelties invented by Jimmy himself, in which he took pride. Over $900 they had cost him to have made at a place where they make such things for the profession. In half an hour, Jimmy went downstairs and threw the cafe. He was now dressed in tasteful and well-fitting clothes and carried his dusted and clean suitcase in his hand. Got anything on? Asked Mike Dolan Geniely. Me? Said Jimmy in a puzzled tone. I don't understand. I'm representing the New York Amalgamated Short Snap Biscuit Cracker and Frazzled Wheat Company. This statement delighted Mike to such an extent that Jimmy had to take a seltzer and milk on the spot. He never touched hard drinks. A week after the release of Valentine 9762, there was a neat job of safe burglary done in Richmond, Indiana, with no clue to the author. A scant $800 was all that was secured. Two weeks after that, a patented, improved burglar-proof safe and Logan sport was opened like a cheese to the tune of $1,500 currency. Securities and silver untouched. That began to interest the rogue catchers. Then an old-fashioned bank safe in Jefferson's city became active and throughout of its crater an eruption of bank notes amounting to $5,000. The losses were now high enough to bring the matter up into Ben Price's class of work. By comparing notes, a remarkable similarity in the methods of the burglaries was noticed. Ben Price investigated the scenes of the robberies and was heard to remark. That's Dandy Jim Valentine's autograph. He's resumed business. Look at that combination knob. Jerk doubt as easy as pulling up a radish and wet weather. He's got the only clamps that can do it. And look how clean those tumblers were punched out. Jimmy never has to drill but one hole. Yes, I guess I want Mr. Valentine. He'll do his bit next time, without any short time or clemency foolishness. Ben Price knew Jimmy's habits. He had learned them while working on the Springfield case. Long jumps, quick getaways, no confederates, and a taste for good society. These ways had helped Mr. Valentine to become noted as a successful dodger of retribution. It was given out that Ben Price had taken up the trail of the elusive cracksmen and other people with burglar-proof safes felt more at ease. One afternoon, Jimmy Valentine and his suitcase climbed out of the mail hack in Elmore, a little town five miles off the railroad, down in the blackjack country of Arkansas. Jimmy, looking like an athletic young senior just home from college, went down the board sidewalk toward the hotel. A young lady crossed the street, passed him at the corner, and entered a door over which was the sign, the Elmore Bank. Jimmy Valentine looked into her eyes, forgot what he was, and became another man. She lowered her eyes and colored slightly. Young men of Jimmy's style and looks were scarce in Elmore. Jimmy colored a boy that was loafing on the steps of the bank as if he were one of the stock-holders and began to ask him questions about the town, feeding him dimes at intervals. By and by, the young lady came out, looking royally unconscious of the young man with a suitcase and went her way. Isn't that young lady Miss Polly Simpson? asked Jimmy with specious-guile. Naaah, said the boy. She's Annabel Adams, her paw owns this bank. What'd you come to Elmore for? Is that a gold watch chain? I'm going to get a bulldog. Got any more dimes?