 J.111, Dreaming of Flight Have you ever looked at a plane and wondered how it was made? Humans have wanted to fly like birds since ancient times. One Greek legend talks about deedalus who made wings to fly. History records show that people put wings on their arms or used large pieces of cloth to try to fly like birds. History records show that a kite was the first man-made thing to fly. It is believed that kites were developed in China more than 2,400 years ago. Over the centuries, kites have been used for sending messages, for fun, and even to test weather conditions. Hot air balloons, gliders, and modern day planes were all developed on the same lines as the kite. Many people in history have contributed to the development of flight. A few made important contributions. Leonardo Da Vinci was the first. During the 15th century, he wrote down many ideas about the science of flight. He also studied how the wings of birds move when they fly. He drew hundreds of drawings for these, as well as amazing flying machines. Leonardo's notebooks were lost for many centuries. Once discovered, it was clear that his designs were the first important ideas of human flight. His pyramid-shaped piece of cloth is thought to be the first parachute. He designed the basic form of the modern-day helicopter, and one of his most well-known designs was a glider. About 300 years later, the next major stage of development occurred. The Mont-Golfier brothers of France made the first hot air balloon. The first passengers that traveled in it were a rooster, a duck, and a sheep. Today, hot air balloons are used in sport and adventure activities. George Kaley and Otto Lillianthal were the next two men who made important developments in the world of flight. These two men also developed new ideas by studying the flight of birds. George Kaley developed the idea of a slightly curved wing. His 1799 design shows the basic form of the modern plane. The first short flight of his glider was in 1849 in England. Around 40 years later, in 1891, Otto Lillianthal made many different glider designs, which showed the importance of control. In 1896, he designed a biplane powered by a small engine, but was not able to test it. Both men also wrote books about flight. These books provided important information for the Wright brothers. The last major stage of flight was when the Wright brothers made history. Their dreams of flight began with a toy helicopter from their father. Then they studied and tested gliders and the control of them. One difference was that their plane had wheels. Also, for the first time, they used a track, which allowed the plane to take off smoothly. On December 17, 1903, the Wright brothers' first successful powered flight occurred. It flew 120 feet and was in the air for 12 seconds. Three more flights were done that day. The longest distance was 852 feet. New ideas by many people and engine design, materials, and fuels have had an effect on modern planes. Once the sky had been conquered, there was only one place left to go. Travel to space has been the latest stage in our dreams to fly. The first rocket into space was in 1948, and it carried a monkey. From there, mice, dogs, and finally humans were sent into space. How will flight change in the future?