 0161. Great Expectations 1. My sister, Mrs. Joe Gargery, was more than 20 years older than I, and had established a great reputation with herself and the neighbors because she had brought me up by hand. Having at that time to find out for myself what the expression meant, and knowing her to have a hard and heavy hand, and to be much in the habit of laying it upon her husband as well as upon me, I supposed that Joe Gargery and I were both brought up by hand. She was not a good-looking woman, my sister, and I had a general impression that she must have made Joe Gargery marry her by hand. One night I was sitting in the chimney corner with my slate, expending great efforts on the production of a letter to Joe. There was no indispensable necessity for my communicating with Joe by letter, in as much as he sat beside me and we were alone. But I delivered this written communication, slate and all, with my own hand, and Joe received it as a miracle of air-addition. I say, Pipple Chap! Cry Joe, opening his blue eyes wide. What a scholar you are, aren't you! I should like to be," said I, glancing at the slate as he held it, with a misgiving that the writing was rather hilly. "'Why here's a J,' said Joe, and a O equal to anything. Here's a J and a O, Pipp, and a J O Joe.' I had never heard Joe read aloud to any greater extent than this monocelable, and I had observed at church last Sunday when I accidentally held our prayer book upside down, that it seemed to suit his convenience quite as well as if it had been all right. Wishing to embrace the present occasion of finding out whether in teaching Joe, I should have to begin quite at the beginning, I said, "'Ah, but read the rest, Joe.' "'The rest, Pipp,' said Joe, looking at it with a slow, searching eye. "'One, two, three. Why here's three J's and three O's and three J O Joe's in it, Pipp.' "'I leaned over Joe, and with the aid of my forefinger read him the whole letter.' "'Astonishing,' said Joe, when I had finished. "'You are a scholar.' "'How do you spell gargery, Joe?' I asked him with a modest patronage. "'I don't spell it at all,' said Joe. "'But supposing you did, it can't be supposed,' said Joe, though I'm uncommon fond of reading too. "'Are you Joe? On Common.' "'Give me,' said Joe, a good book or a good newspaper, and sit me down to the ground for a good fire, and I ask no better. "'Lord,' he continued after rubbing his knees a little. "'When you do come to a J and a O and says you, here at last is a J O Joe. How interesting reading is.' I derived from this that Joe's education, like steam, was yet in its infancy. Mrs. Joe made occasional trips with Uncle Pumblchuk on market days to assist him in buying such household stuff and goods as required a woman's judgment. Uncle Pumblchuk, being a bachelor and reposing no confidences in his domestic servant. This was market day, and Mrs. Joe was out on one of these expeditions. Joe made the fire and swept the hearth, and then we went to the door to listen for the chase cart. It was a dry, cold night, and the wind blew keenly, and the frost was white and hard. "'Here comes the mare,' said Joe, ringing like a peel of bells." The sound of her iron shoes upon the hard road was quite musical, as she came along at a much brisker trot then usual. We got a chair out, ready for Mrs. Joe's alighting, and stirred up the fire that they might see a bright window, and took a final survey of the kitchen that nothing might be out of its place. When we had completed these preparations, they drove up, wrapped to the eyes. Mrs. Joe was soon landed, and Uncle Pumblchuk was soon down to, covering the mare with a cloth, and we were soon all in the kitchen, carrying so much cold air in with us that it seemed to drive all the heat out of the fire. "'Now,' said Mrs. Joe, unwrapping herself with hastened excitement, and throwing her bonnet back on her shoulders where it hung by the strings. "'If this boy ain't grateful this night, he never will be.' I looked as grateful as any boy possibly could, who was wholly uninformed why he ought to assume that expression. "'It's only to be hoped,' said my sister, that he won't be pampered. "'But I have my fears.' "'She ain't in that line, Mom,' said Mr. Pumblchuk. She knows better.' Joe looked at me, making the motion with his lips and eyebrows. She? My sister, catching him in the act, he drew the back of his hand across his nose with his usual conciliatory air on such occasions and looked at her. "'Well,' said my sister in her snappish way, "'what are you staring at? Is the house a fire?' "'Some individual,' Joe politely hinted, mentioned she. "'And she is a she, I suppose,' said my sister, "'unless you call Miss Havisham a he?' "'Miss Havisham uptown,' said Joe. "'Is there any Miss Havisham downtown?' returned my sister. He wants this boy to go and play there, and of course he's going.' I had heard of Miss Havisham uptown. Everybody for miles round had heard of Miss Havisham uptown, as an immensely rich and grim lady who lived in a large and dismal house barricaded against robbers and who let a life of seclusion. Little Pumblechuk, being sensible that for anything we can tell, this boy's fortune may be made by his going to Miss Havisham's, has offered to take him into town tonight in his own chase cart and to keep him tonight and to take him with his own hands to Miss Havisham's tomorrow morning. "'And Laura must see me,' cried my sister, casting off her bonnet in sudden desperation. Here I stand, talking to mere mooncafs with Uncle Pumblechuk waiting, and the mare catching cold at the door, and the boy grime with crock and dirt from the hair of his head to the soul of his foot. With that she pounced upon me, like an eagle on a lamb, and my face was squeezed into wooden bowls in sinks, and my head was put under taps of water-butts, and I was soped and needed and toweled and thumped and harrowed and rast, until I really was quite beside myself. When my ablusions were completed, I was put into clean linen of the stiffest character, like a young penitent into sackcloth, and was trust up in my tightest and fearfulest suit. I was then delivered over to Mr. Pumblechuk, who formally received me as if he were the sheriff, and who let off upon me the speech that I knew he had been dying to make all along. Boy, be forever grateful to all friends, but especially unto them which brought you up by hand. Good-bye, Joe! God bless you, Pip, old chap! I had never parted from him before, and what with my feelings and what with soapsuds I could at first see no stars from the chase cart. But they twinkled out one by one, without throwing any light on the questions why on earth I was going to play at Miss Habashams, and what on earth I was expected to play at.