 O91, Benjamin Button, one. The Roger Buttons held an inviable position, both social and financial, in Antibellum, Baltimore. They were related to the this family and the that family, which, as every Southerner knew, entitled them to membership in that enormous purge which largely populated the Confederacy. This was their first experience with the charming old custom of having babies. Mr. Button was naturally nervous. He hoped it would be a boy so that he could be sent to Yale College in Connecticut. At which institution Mr. Button himself had been known for four years by the somewhat obvious nickname of Cough. On the September morning, consecrated to the enormous event, he arose nervously at six o'clock, dressed himself, adjusted an impeccable stock, and hurried forth through the streets of Baltimore to the hospital, to determine whether the darkness of the night had borne in new life upon its bosom. When he was approximately a hundred yards from the Maryland Private Hospital for Ladies and Gentlemen, he saw Dr. Keane, the family physician, descending the front steps, rubbing his hands together with a washing movement, as all doctors are required to do by the unwritten ethics of their profession. Mr. Roger Button, the president of Roger Button & Co, wholesale hardware, began to run toward Dr. Keane with much less dignity than was expected from a Southern gentleman of that picturesque period. Dr. Keane, he called, oh Dr. Keane! the doctor heard him, faced around, and stood waiting, a curious expression settling on his harsh medicinal face as Mr. Button drew near. What happened? demanded Mr. Button as he came up in a gasping rush. What was it? How is she? A boy? Who is it? Talk sense. Said Dr. Keane sharply. He appeared somewhat irritated. Is the child born? Begged Mr. Button. Dr. Keane frowned. Why, yes, I suppose so, after a fashion. Again, he threw a curious glance at Mr. Button. Is my wife all right? Yes. Is it a boy or a girl? Here now. Dr. Keane, in a perfect passion of irritation, I'll ask you to go and see for yourself. Outrageous. He snapped the last word out in almost one syllable. Then he turned away, muttering, do you imagine a case like this will help my professional reputation? One more would ruin me. Ruin anybody. What's the matter? Did Mr. Button appalled? Triplets? No, not triplets. Answered the doctor, cuttingly. What's more, you can go and see for yourself. And get another doctor. I brought you into the world, young man, and I've been physician to your family for forty years. But I'm through with you. I don't want to see you or any of your relatives ever again. Good bye. Then he turned sharply, and without another word, climbed into his fatton, which was waiting at the curb stone, and drove severely away. Mr. Button stood there upon the sidewalk, stupified and trembling from head to foot. What horrible mishap had occurred. He had suddenly lost all desire to go into the Maryland private hospital for ladies and gentlemen. It was with the greatest difficulty that, a moment later, he forced himself to mount the steps and enter the front door. A nurse was sitting behind a desk in the opaque gloom of the hall, swallowing his shame, Mr. Button approached her. Good morning, she remarked, looking up at him pleasantly. Good morning, I am Mr. Button. Like this, a look of utter terror spread itself over the girl's face. She rose to her feet, and seemed about to fly from the hall, restraining herself only with the most apparent difficulty. I want to see my child, said Mr. Button. She pointed the direction, and Mr. Button, bathed in a cool perspiration, turned falteringly, began to mount to the second floor. In the upper hall he addressed another nurse who approached him, basin in hand. I, Mr. Button, he managed to articulate, I want to see my clank, the basin clattered to the floor, and rolled in the direction of the stairs. Clank, clank, it began a methodical dissent, as if sharing in the general terror which this gentleman provoked. The nurse regained control of herself, and through Mr. Button a look of hearty contempt. All right, Mr. Button, she agreed in a hushed voice. Very well, but if you knew what state it put us all in this morning, it's perfectly outrageous. The hospital will never have the ghost of a reputation after, hurry, he cried, Horsley, I can't stand this! Come this way, then, Mr. Button. He dragged himself after her. At the end of a long haul they reached a room from which proceeded a variety of house, indeed a room which, in later parlance, would have been known as the Crine Room. They entered. Ranged around the walls where half a dozen white enameled rolling cribs, each with a tag tied at the head. Well, gasped Mr. Button. Which is mine? There, said the nurse. Mr. Button's eyes followed her pointing finger, and this is what he saw. Rapped in a voluminous white blanket and partially crammed into one of the cribs, there sat an old man, apparently about seventy years of age. This sparse hair was almost white, and from his chin dripped a long smoke-colored beard, which waved absurdly back and forth, fanned by the breeze coming in at the window. He looked up at Mr. Button with dim, faded eyes, in which lurked a puzzled question. Am I mad? Thundered Mr. Button, his tear resolving into rage. Is this some ghastly hospital joke? It doesn't seem like a joke to us. Replied the nurse severely. And I don't know whether you're mad or not. But that is most certainly your child. The cool perspiration redoubled on Mr. Button's forehead. He closed his eyes, and then opening them, looked again. There was no mistake. He was gazing at a man of three score and ten, a baby of three score and ten, a baby whose feet hung over the sides of the crib in which it was reposing. The old man looked placidly from one to the other for a moment, and then suddenly spoke in a cracked and ancient voice. Are you my father? he demanded. Mr. Button and the nurse started violently. Because if you are, went on the old man queralously, I wish you'd get me out of this place, or at least get them to put a comfortable rocker in here. Where in God's name did you come from? Who are you? Burst out Mr. Button frantically. I can't tell you exactly who I am. Replied the queralous wine. Because I've only been born a few hours. But my last name is certainly Button. You lie. You're an imposter. The old man turned wearily to the nurse. Nice way to welcome a newborn child. He complained in a weak voice. Tell him he's wrong, why don't you? You're wrong, Mr. Button. Said the nurse severely. This is your child, and you'll have to make the best of it.