 L31. The Phoenix and the carpet, too. What the Phoenix said had happened. But the carpet said Robert. The magic carpet that takes you anywhere you wish. What happened to it? Oh, that said the Phoenix as it pointed to the new carpet on the playroom floor. That is the carpet. Just then the children heard their parents at the front door. Oh, whispered Cyril. Now we will be in trouble for not being in bed. In a hurried whisper, the Phoenix said, Get on the carpet and wish yourselves there. Then wish the carpet back to the playroom. The children did as the Phoenix said. Before they knew it, they were in their bedrooms and in bed. The children heard the soft voice of the Phoenix through the darkness. I shall sleep on the curtain rail in your bedroom. Please do not mention me to your parents. The next morning, the children went down to their playroom, sat on the carpet with the Phoenix and said, We wish to go abroad. Unfortunately, their first adventure had some problems. The carpet had been flying along for some time before they saw a tower. Jane wished the carpet to land on the tower, which turned out to have no roof. The carpet and three of the children ended up at the bottom of the tower. Robert got stuck on a window sill as they descended. So Cyril wished the carpet back up to get him down. That meant the children had made three wishes so far. When the children tried to wish themselves home, nothing happened. That is how the children found out that the carpet would only allow three wishes each day. With the help of the Phoenix, the children and the carpet finally returned home. The next day, after seeing the mud on the carpet, the cook became angry and complained to the children's parents. Since the children could not explain how the carpet had gotten covered in mud, it was locked away for a week. Never mind, said Anthia. We have the Phoenix. Unfortunately, the Phoenix was nowhere to be found. Everything suddenly changed from the wild beauty of magical happenings to a common ordinary life. At last, on Saturday, the carpet was returned to their playroom. While the carpet had been locked away, the children had been thinking about where their next adventure would be. Their baby brother had a very bad cough, so they decided to go to a place where his cough would get better. They dressed in their outdoor clothes because they didn't know what kind of climate they would be going to. Anthia rushed through the house in one last attempt to find the Phoenix. It's no use waiting for it, she said. But I know it hasn't deserted us. It's a bird of its word. Quite so, said the gentle voice of the Phoenix from under the table. Everyone fell to their knees and looked up. The Phoenix was sitting on a crossbar of wood that ran across under the table. I have been here all the time, said the Phoenix, yawning politely behind its claw. The Phoenix flew over and settled on Robert's wrist. The children sat on the carpet and were about to make a wish when the cook came bursting into the room. She was furious because someone had broken her only big dish. Anthia tried to apologize, but the cook was so angry that she did not want to listen. The cook then asked why they were all dressed in their outdoor clothes. Before the cook could ask any more questions, Anthia said, I wish we were on a sunny southern shore where our baby brother's cough would stop. In an instant they all felt as if they were being lifted up, spinning around and then falling. The instant the movement stopped. The cook opened her eyes, let out a very loud scream and then shut her eyes again. The carpet had done exactly as Anthia had wished. They were sitting on a sunny beach with sand the color of gold and they were in the hottest weather you could imagine. There were green slopes and a forest behind them as well as a sparkling blue sea in front of them.