 O-141, the Invisible Man. 3. So it was that on the 29th day of February, at the beginning of the Thaw, this singular person fell out of infinity into Ipping Village. Next day, his luggage arrived through the slush, and very remarkable luggage it was. There were a couple of trunks, indeed, such as a rational man might need. But in addition, there were a box of books, big fat books, of which some were just in an incomprehensible handwriting, and a dozen or more crates, boxes and cases, containing objects packed in straw. As it seemed to haul, tugging with a casual curiosity at the straw, glass bottles. The stranger, muffled in hat, coat, gloves and wrapper, came out impatiently to meet fear inside's cart, while haul was having a word or so of gossip preparatory to helping bring them in. Out he came, not noticing fear inside's dog, who was sniffing in a dilatant spirit at hall's legs. Come along with those boxes, he said, I've been waiting long enough. And he came down the steps towards the tail of the cart, as if to lay hands on the smaller crate. No sooner had fear inside's dog caught sight of him, however, than it began to bristle and growl savagely. And when he rushed down the steps, it gave an undecided hop, and then sprang straight at his hand. Whop! cried haul jumping back, for he was no hero with dogs, and fear inside how'd, lie down! And snatched his whip. They saw the dog's teeth had slipped the hand, heard a kick, saw the dog execute a flanking jump and get home on the stranger's leg, and heard the rip of his trouser ring. Then the finer end of fear inside's whip reached his property, and the dog, yelping with dismay, retreated under the wheels of the wagon. It was all the business of a swift half minute. No one spoke, everyone shouted. The stranger glanced swiftly at his torn glove, and at his leg, made as if he would stoop to the ladder, then turned and rushed swiftly up the steps into the inn. They heard him go headlong across the passage, and up the uncarpeted stairs to his bedroom. You brute you! Said fear inside, climbing off the wagon with his whip in his hand, while the dog watched him through the wheel. Come here! Said fear inside. You'd better! Hall had stood gaping. He was bit, said hall. I'd better go and see to end. And he trotted after the stranger. He met Mrs. Hall in the passage. Carrier's dog, he said, bid him. He went straight upstairs, and the stranger's door being ajar. He pushed it open, and was entering without any ceremony, being of a naturally sympathetic turn of mind. The blind was down, and the room dim. He caught a glimpse of a most singular thing. What seemed a handless arm waving towards him, and a face of three huge indeterminate spots on white, very like the face of a pale pansy. Then he was struck violently in the chest, hurled back, and the door slammed in his face and locked. It was so rapid that it gave him no time to observe. A waving of indescipherable shapes, a blow, and a concussion. There he stood on the dark little landing, wondering what it might be that he had seen. A couple of minutes after, he joined the little group that had formed outside the coach and horses. Mr. Hall, staring at them from the steps and listening, found it incredible that he had seen anything so very remarkable happen upstairs. Besides, his vocabulary was all together too limited to express his impressions. He don't want no help, he says. He said an answer to his wife's inquiry. He'd better be a taken of his luggage in. Suddenly the dog began growling again. Come along! cried an angry voice in the doorway, and there stood the muffled stranger with his collar turned up, and his hat-brim bent down. The sooner you get those things in, the better I'll be pleased. It is stated by an anonymous bystander that his trousers and gloves had been changed. "'Was you hurt, sir?' said fear inside. "'I'm rare, sorry, the dog!' Not a bit,' said the stranger. Never broke the skin. Hurry up with those things.' He then swore to himself, so Mr. Hall asserts. Suddenly the first crate was, in accordance with his directions, carried into the parlor. The stranger flung himself upon it with extraordinary eagerness, and began to unpack it, scattering the straw with an utter disregard of Mrs. Hall's carpet. And from it he began to produce bottles, putting them in rows on the chiffonier, on the mantle, on the table under the window, round the floor, on the bookshelf, everywhere. The chemist's shop and bramble-hurst could not boast half so many. Quite a sight it was. Crate after crate-yielded bottles, until all six were empty, and the table high with straw. The only things that came out of these crates besides the bottles were a number of test tubes, and a carefully packed balance. And directly the crates were unpacked. The stranger went to the window and set to work. Not troubling in the least about the litter of straw, the fire which had gone out, the box of books outside, nor for the trunks and other luggage that had gone upstairs. All the afternoon he worked with the door locked, and, as Mrs. Hall testifies, for the most part, in silence. But once there was a concussion and a sound of bottles ringing together, as though the table had been hit, and the smash of a bottle flung violently down, and then a rapid pacing a thwart the room. Fearing something was the matter, she went to the door and listened, not caring to knock. I can't go on, he was raving. I can't go on. 300,000, 400,000, the huge multitude cheated. All my life it may take me. Patience, patience indeed, fool and liar. There was a noise of hobnails on the bricks in the bar, and Mrs. Hall had very reluctantly to leave the rest of his soliloquy. When she returned, the room was silent again, safe for the faint crepitation of his chair, and the occasional clink of a bottle. It was all over, the stranger had resumed work. When she took in his tea she saw broken glass in the corner of the room under the concave mirror, and a golden stain that had been carelessly wiped. It was inevitable that a person of so remarkable and appearance and bearing should form a frequent topic in such a village asipping. Opinion was greatly divided about his occupation. Mrs. Hall was sensitive on the point. When questioned, she explained very carefully, that he was an experimental investigator, going gingerly over the syllables as one who dreads pitfalls. When asked what an experimental investigator was, she would say with a touch of superiority that most educated people knew such things as that, and would thus explain that he discovered things. Her visitor had had an accident, she said, which temporarily discolored his face and hands, and being of a sensitive disposition, he was averse to any public notice of the fact.