 Story 3. The Adventures of Tom Sawyer Tom and his friends Huck and Joe wanted to run away from home. One morning they took a boat to an island. We're now free and terrible pirates! Tom thought. They swam and played all day. Here nobody told them what to do. They were very hungry when they returned to the camp. Soon they began to feel lonely. Though they all wanted to go home, nobody was brave enough to say it. Suddenly they heard a loud boom in the distance. What was that? Cryed Joe. The three boys hurried to the shore. They saw a small ship on the river. There were many people on it. The three boys heard the boom again. It was a cannon. Maybe somebody's drowned. said Tom. Yes, they don't shoot that cannon unless somebody's drowned. Added Huck. But who's drowned? The boys listened and watched. Suddenly Tom cried. I know. It's us! The boys were heroes. Everyone missed them. The excited pirates went back to the camp. They caught fish for supper. As they sat in front of the fire, they thought about their families. Tom thought about Aunt Polly. Tom had lived with Aunt Polly since his mom died. That night, while the other two were sleeping, Tom left the camp and swam across the river. When he finally got to his house, he peeked in through the window. Aunt Polly was talking to Joe's mother. Tom sneaked inside and hid under the bed. Aunt Polly said, he wasn't bad really. Just naughty sometimes. Tom was the best-hearted boy. She began to cry. Joe did lots of bad things too. But he was a kind boy, said Joe's mother, and she began to cry too. Aunt Polly cried until she fell asleep. Tom sneaked out of the house and went back to the camp. He had a secret plan. He told Huck and Joe about it. Though the boys wanted to go home, they liked Tom's plan and decided to stay. On Sunday morning, the people from the village gathered in the church. Everyone was wearing black clothes. The funeral began and the minister prayed for the boys. Everyone was crying. Then the minister heard the church door creak. He looked up and saw Tom, Joe, and Huck, the three dead boys. Everyone was surprised. Tom felt so proud because his plan had worked. Even though Aunt Polly was angry with Tom, she was also very glad to see him.