 O'h 100 and 91, great expectations, four. The worst of it was that that bullying old pumblechuk preyed upon by a devouring curiosity to be informed of all I had seen and heard, came gaping over in his chase cart at tea-time to have the details divulged to him. And the mere sight of the torment with his fishy eyes and mouth open made me vicious in my reticence. Well, boy! Uncle Pumblechuk began as soon as he was seated in the chair of honor by the fire. How did you get on uptown? I answered pretty well, sir. Pretty well! Mr. Pumblechuk repeated. Pretty well is no answer. Tell us what you mean by pretty well, boy. I reflected for some time, and then answered as if I had discovered a new idea. I mean pretty well. Now, boy! What was she a do-en-of when you went in today? Asked Mr. Pumblechuk. She was sitting, I answered. In a black velvet coach. Mr. Pumblechuk and Mrs. Joe stared at one another as they well might, and both repeated. In a black velvet coach? Yes, said I. And Mrs. Stella, that's her niece, I think, handed her in cake and wine at the coach window on a gold plate. And we all had cake and wine on gold plates. And I got up behind the coach to eat mine because she told me to. Was anybody else there? Asked Mr. Pumblechuk. For dogs said I. Larger small. Emence said I, and they fought for vial cutlets out of a silver basket. Mr. Pumblechuk and Mrs. Joe stared at one another again in utter amazement. I was perfectly frantic, a reckless witness under the torture and would have told them anything. We played with flags, I said. Flaggs? Echoed my sister. Yes, said I. Mrs. Stella waved a blue flag, and I waved a red one, and Mrs. Havisham waved one sprinkled all over with little gold stars out at the coach window. And then we all waved our swords and herod. If they had asked me any more questions, I should undoubtedly have betrayed myself. For I was even then on the point of mentioning that there was a balloon in the yard, and I should have hazarded the statement, but for my invention being divided between that phenomenon and a bear in the brewery. They were so much occupied, however, in discussing the marvels I had already presented for their consideration that I escaped. The subject still held them when Joe came in from his work to have a cup of tea. To whom my sister, more for the relief of her own mind than for the gratification of his, related my pretended experiences. Now, when I saw Joe open his blue eyes and roll them all around the kitchen in helpless amazement, I was overtaken by penitence, but only as regarded him, not in the least as regarded the other two. After Mr. Pumblechuk had driven off, and when my sister was washing up, I stole into the forge to Joe, and remained by him until he had done for the night. Then I said, before the fire goes out, Joe, I should like to tell you something. Should you, Pip? Said Joe, drawing his chewing stool near the forge. Then tell us, what is it, Pip? Joe, said I, taking hold of his rolled-up shirt sleeve and twisting it between my finger and thumb. You remember all that about Miss Havishams? Remember, said Joe. I believe you. Wonderful. It's a terrible thing, Joe. It ain't true. What are you telling of, Pip? My Joe, falling back in the greatest amazement? You don't mean to say it's—yes, I do. It's lies, Joe. But not all of it. Why sure you don't mean to say, Pip, that there was no black, well-wicked co—eh? For I stood shaking my head. But at least there was dogs, Pip—come, Pip— said Joe persuasively. If there weren't no wheel cutlets, at least there was dogs. No, Joe. A dog? Said Joe. A puppy? Come. No, Joe. There was nothing at all of the kind. As I fixed my eyes hopelessly on Joe, Joe contemplated me in dismay. Awful. What possessed you? I don't know what possessed me, Joe. I replied, letting his shirts leave go, and sitting down in the ashes at his feet, hanging my head. But I wish you hadn't taught me to call naves at cards, jacks. And I wish my boots weren't so thick, nor my hands so coarse. And then I told Joe that I felt very miserable, and that I hadn't been able to explain myself to Mrs. Joe and Mr. Pumblechuk, who were so rude to me. And that there had been a beautiful young lady at Miss Havishams, who was dreadfully proud, and that she had said I was common, and that I knew I was common, and that I wished I was not common, and that the lies had come of it somehow, though I didn't know how. This was a case of metaphysics, at least as difficult for Joe to deal with as for me. But Joe took the case altogether out of the region of metaphysics, and by that means vanquished it. There's one thing you may be sure of, Pip, said Joe after some rumination. Namely, that lies is lies. Now, sever they come, they didn't ought to come, and they come from the Father of lies. Don't you tell no more of them, Pip? That ain't the way to get out of being common, old chap. And as to being common, I don't make it out at all clear. You are uncommon in some things. You're uncommon small. Likewise, you're an uncommon scholar. No, I am ignorant and backward, Joe. Why, see what a letter you wrote last night. Wrote in print, even. I've seen letters, ah, and from gentle folks, that I'll swear weren't wrote in print. Said Joe. I have learned next to nothing, Joe. You think much of me. It's only that. Well, Pip, said Joe. Be it so or be it sownt. You must be a common scholar, a four you can be a uncommon one, I should hope. The king upon his throne, with his crown upon his ed, can't sit and write his acts of poliment in print, without having begun, when he were a unpromoted prince with the alphabet. Ah, at a Joe, with a shake of the head that was full of meaning, and begun at a, too, and worked his way to Z. And I know what that is to do, though I can't say I've exactly done it. There was some hope in this piece of wisdom, and it rather encouraged me. Take a year, Pip, at what is said to you by a true friend? Which this to you the true friend say. If you can't get to be uncommon through going straight, you'll never get to do it through going crooked. So don't tell no more on him, Pip, and live well and die happy. That was a memorable day to me, for it made great changes in me. But it is the same with any life. Imagine one selected day struck out of it, and think how different its course would have been. Pause you who read this, and think for a moment of the long chain of iron or gold, of thorns or flowers that would never have bound you, but for the formation of the first link on one memorable day.