 0171. Great Expectations 2. Mr. Pumblechuk and I breakfasted at 8 o'clock in the parlor. I considered Mr. Pumblechuk's wretched company. Besides giving me as much crumb as possible, in combination with as little butter, and putting such a quantity of warm water into my milk that it would have been more candid to have left the milk out altogether. His conversation consisted of nothing but arithmetic. On my politely bidding him good morning, he said pompously, 7 times 9 boy. And how should I be able to answer? Dodge'd in that way in a strange place on an empty stomach. I was hungry, but before I had swallowed a morsel, he began a running sum that lasted all through the breakfast. 7 and 4 and 8 and so on. For such reasons, I was very glad when 10 o'clock came and we started for mis-haveishems, though I was not at all at my ease regarding the manner in which I should equip myself under that lady's roof. Within a quarter of an hour we came to mis-haveishems house, which was of old brick and dismal and had a great many iron bars to it. Some of the windows had been walled up. Of those that remained, all the lower were rustily barred. There was a courtyard in front, and that was barred, so we had to wait after ringing the bell until someone should come to open it. While we waited at the gate, I peeped in. Even then Mr. Pumblechuk said, and 14, but I pretended not to hear him, and saw that at the side of the house there was a large brewery. No brewing was going on in it, and none seemed to have gone on for a long, long time. A window was raised and a clear voice demanded, what name? To which my conductor replied, Pumblechuk, the voice returned, quite right, and the window was shut again, and a young lady came across the courtyard with keys in her hand. This, said Mr. Pumblechuk, is peep. This is peep, is it? Returned the young lady, who was very pretty and seemed very proud. Come in, peep. Mr. Pumblechuk was coming in also when she stopped him with the gate. Oh, she said. Did you wish to see Miss Havisham? If Miss Havisham wished to see me, returned Mr. Pumblechuk, discompeted. Ah, said the girl, but you see, she don't. She said it so finally, and in such an undiscussable way, that Mr. Pumblechuk, though in a condition of ruffled dignity, could not protest. My young conductor's locked the gate, and we went across the courtyard. The brewery buildings had a little lane of communication with it, and the wooden gates of that lane stood open, and all the brewery beyond stood open, away to the high and closing wall, and all was empty and disused. She saw me looking at it, and she said, better not try to brew beer there now, or it would turn out sour, boy, don't you think so? It looks like it, Miss. Not that anybody means to try, she added. For that's all done with, and the place will stand as idle as it is till it falls. But don't loiter, boy. Though she called me boy so often, and with a carelessness that was far from complimentary, she was of about my own age. She seemed much older than I, of course, being a girl, and beautiful, and self-possessed, and she was as scornful of me as if she had been one in twenty and a queen. We went into the house by a side door. The great front entrance had two chains across it outside, and the first thing I noticed was that the passages were all dark, and that she had left a candle burning there. She took it up, and we went through more passages, and up a staircase, and still it was all dark, and only the candle lighted us. At last we came to the door of a room, and she said, go in. I answered more in shyness than politeness. After you, Miss, to this she returned, don't be ridiculous, boy. I am not going in, and squandfully walked away, and, what was worse, took the candle with her. This was very uncomfortable, and I was half afraid. However, the only thing to be done being to knock at the door, I knocked, and was told from within to enter. I entered therefore, and found myself in a pretty large room, well-lighted with wax candles. No glimpse of daylight was to be seen in it. It was a dressing room, as I supposed from the furniture, though much of it was of forms and uses then quite unknown to me. But prominent in it was a draped table with a gilded looking glass, and that I made out at first sight to be a fine lady's dressing table. Whether I should have made out this object so soon, if there had been no fine lady sitting at it, I cannot say. In an armchair, with an elbow resting on the table, and her head leaning on that hand, sat the strangest lady I have ever seen, or shall ever see. She was dressed in rich materials, satins and lace and silks, all of white. Her shoes were white, and she had a long white veil dependent from her hair, and she had bridal flowers in her hair, but her hair was white. She had not quite finished dressing, for she had but one shoe on. The other was on the table near her hand. Her veil was but half arranged. Her watch and chain were not put on, and some lace for her bosom lay with those trinkets, and with her handkerchief and gloves and some flowers and a prayer book all confusedly heaped about the looking glass. I saw that everything within my view which ought to be white had been white long ago, and had lost its lustre and was faded and yellow. I saw that the bride within the bridal dress had withered like the dress and like the flowers, and had no brightness left but the brightness of her sunken eyes. Once I had been taken to see some ghastly wax work at the fair, representing I know not what impossible personage lying in state. Once I had been taken to one of our old marsh churches to see a skeleton in the ashes of a rich dress that had been dug out of a vault under the church pavement. Now, wax work and skeleton seemed to have dark eyes that moved and looked at me. I should have cried out if I could. Who is it? said the lady at the table. PIP! Mr. Pumblechuk's boy, ma'am, come to play. Come nearer. Let me look at you. Come close. It was when I stood before her avoiding her eyes that I took note of the surrounding objects in detail and saw that her watch had stopped at twenty minutes to nine and that a clock in the room had stopped at twenty minutes to nine. Look at me, said Miss Habisham. You are not afraid of a woman who has never seen the sun since you were born? I regret to state that I was not afraid of telling the enormous lie comprehended in the answer. No.