 K. 111. The story of Dr. Dulittle. Two. Animal language. It happened one day that the doctor was sitting in his kitchen, talking with the cat's meatman who had come to see him with a stomach ache. Why don't you give up being a people's doctor and be an animal doctor? Ask the cat's meatman. The parrot, Polynesia, was sitting in the window looking out at the rain and singing a sailor song to herself. She stopped singing and started to listen. When the cat's meatman had gone, the parrot flew off the window onto the doctor's table and said, that man's got sense. That's what you ought to do. Be an animal doctor. Give the silly people up if they don't have brains enough to see you're the best doctor in the world. Take care of animals instead. They'll soon find it out. Be an animal doctor. Oh, there are plenty of animal doctors. Said John Dulittle, putting the flower pots outside on the window sill to get the rain. Yes, there are plenty, said Polynesia. But none of them are any good at all. Now listen, doctor, and I'll tell you something. Did you know that animals can talk? I knew that parrots can talk. said the doctor. Oh, we parrots can talk in two languages. People's language and bird language said Polynesia proudly. If I say, Poly wants a biscuit. You understand me. But hear this. Kakka oi fi fi. Good gracious. cried the doctor. What does that mean? That means is the porridge hot yet in bird language. My, you don't say so. Said the doctor. You never talked that way to me before. Tell me some more. Said the doctor. All excited. And he rushed over to the dresser drawer and came back with the butcher's book and a pencil. Now don't go too fast and I'll write it down. This is interesting. Very interesting. Something quite new. Give me the bird's ABC first. Slowly now. So that was the way the doctor came to know that animals had a language of their own and could talk to one another. And all that afternoon while it was raining, Polynesia sat on the kitchen table giving him bird words to put down in the book. At T time when the dog Gip came in, the parrot said to the doctor, see he's talking to you. Looks to me as though he were scratching his ear. Said the doctor. But animals don't always speak with their mouths. Said the parrot in a high voice raising her eyebrows. They talk with their ears, with their feet, with their tails, with everything. Sometimes they don't want to make a noise. Do you see now the way he's twitching up one side of his nose? What's that mean? Ask the doctor. That means can't you see that it has stopped raining? Polynesia answered. He is asking you a question. Dogs nearly always use their noses for asking questions. After a while, with the parrot's help, the doctor got to learn the language of the animals so well that he could talk to them himself and understand everything they said. Then he gave up being a people's doctor all together. As soon as the cat's meatman had told everyone that John Doolittle was going to become an animal doctor, old ladies began to bring him their pet pugs and puddles who had eaten too much cake. And farmers came many miles to show him sick cows and sheep. One day a plow horse was brought to him, and the poor thing was terribly glad to find a man who could talk in horse language. Then John Doolittle got a fine, big pair of green spectacles, and the plow horse stopped going blind in one eye and could see as well as ever. And soon it became a common sight to see farm animals wearing glasses in the country round puddle bee, and a blind horse was a thing unknown. And so it was with all the other animals that were brought to him. As soon as they found that he could talk their language, they told him where the pain was and how they felt. And of course, it was easy for him to cure them.