 M41, the toothpaste millionaire. 4. My brother James had been using the workshop for his model cars, and my mother was glad for an excuse to make James move his workshop into the attic. James is not very neat. My father helped us build two long tables for the laundry room, and once Rufus and I got all the jars and supplies set up, the place really did look like a factory. Some afternoons we had six or eight kids on the production line. Some of the kids were from school, and some lived on my block, like Josie and Clem, the two girls from next door. Josie and Clem were at my house almost every night now. I guess they decided that if I was a friend of Rufus, I was okay. I was glad they were coming over so often, as Rufus and I were getting a little tired of washing so many jars. I never was crazy about washing dishes. Hey Rufus, Josie said one night when she and I had washed about 200 jars. What would you do if you had to pay us to wash all these jars for you? How about that Rufus? Clem said. You couldn't sell that toothpaste for three cents if you had to pay us what were worth. Rufus thought about that. Well, I sure don't have enough profits to pay anybody yet, he said. But I've got to use my first profits to buy more stuff to make more toothpaste. But I'll tell you what I will do. I'll give you all some stock in my company. At the end of the year, every stockholder will get a share of the year's profits. Clem thought Rufus was kidding, but he was serious. Rufus had this game called Stock Market. It's something like Monopoly. With every stock market game, you get these stock certificates that you can trade with other players. In Rufus' game, there were 1,000 shares of stock worth $100 a share. The certificates came in 1, 10, 50, and 100 shares. Rufus brought the stock certificates over to my house the next day to show us. Rufus how it will work, he said. Anybody that puts in 100 hours helping me make toothpaste gets a share of stock worth $100, which will entitle him to a share of the company's profits. How much profit depends on how many shares of stock he owns. Rufus had made up a chart with the names of all of his friends who had helped so far. He put down the number of hours they had already worked. Kate's already worked over 200 hours, Rufus said, so she gets to be the first stock holder. Rufus wrote my name on two $100 stock certificates. With those two shares of stock, Kate should get $5,000 if the company's profits work out the way I plan. $5,000, I said, are you sure that's right, Rufus? Rufus laughed. We'll let Mr. Conti check it out tomorrow, and we did. Kate McInstree, would you please bring that note to me? Well, it's not exactly a note, Mr. Conti, etc. You get the picture. Mr. Conti's class figured out that if Rufus was right about the $2.5 million profit he figured he could make, every owner of one share of stock would make $2,500. An owner of 10 shares would make $25,000 and so on. It sounded so good that everybody in our math class wanted to sign up to work for shares. Even Mr. Conti told Rufus he'd give us a hand if we needed extra help on Saturdays. When the money starts rolling in, Rufus said, we may need some help in adding it up. Mr. Conti also gave Rufus some advice. He told Rufus that he shouldn't give out more than 499 shares of the stock. You have to keep 501 shares yourself to keep control of how you want your company run. Mr. Conti said, otherwise the other stockholders could outvote you. What did Mr. Conti mean? outvote you. I asked Rufus later. Maybe vote to sell toothpaste for $0.79. Rufus said, which would be against my principles. Naturally I promised Rufus I would never vote to do that. It was my brother James of all people who helped me solve the problem of what to get Rufus for his birthday. He saw the ad about aluminum tubes in the Cleveland Plain Dealer and called it to my attention. It's one of the few helpful things James has ever done for me. I was looking for a birthday present for Rufus. I decided what Rufus really needed at this point in his business career was some toothpaste tubes. Rufus and I had been having some arguments about the baby food jars. A lot of customers seemed surprised at the idea of a toothpaste in a jar. It seemed a little strange. It's like peanut butter coming in a tube. I told Rufus. Rufus's reaction was, why don't they put peanut butter in tubes? You wouldn't need a knife to spread it. Josie and Clem agreed with me about the jars. Clem pointed out to Rufus that jars were heavier than tubes. If you're going to be mailing three dozen jars all the way to Venice, California, you ought to think about the postage costs, she said. And another thing Josie said. If everybody in a family is dipping his toothbrush in the same jar, it isn't too sanitary. Everybody can have his own jar, Rufus said. It would be good for business if we could sell five or six jars to every family. The jars would get mixed up, I said. People could write their names on them, Rufus said. They could, I said. But with a big family, there isn't room for all those jars on the bathroom shelf. And even if there were, my brother James would always reach for the first jar. Your brother James is a special problem, Rufus said. At least we agreed on that. I don't think we convinced Rufus about the jars, but I decided I would take a chance on getting him some toothpaste tubes just to see if they would improve sales. Would you ever try to buy a few toothpaste tubes? You can't. I tried hardware stores, drug stores, department stores. I couldn't find any place that sold empty tubes. And by the time anybody is finished with an old toothpaste tube, you can't really use it again as you can a baby food jar. A man in a hardware store finally explained to me that an empty tube is not a retail item. He said I would have to go to a tube manufacturer.