 M111, Matilda 2. The only movement from the reader was the lifting of the hand every now and then to turn over a page, and Mrs. Phelps always felt sad when the time came for her to cross the floor and say, it's 10 to 5, Matilda. During the first week of Matilda's visits, Mrs. Phelps had said to her, does your mother walk you down here every day and then take you home? My mother goes to Ellsbury every afternoon to play bingo. Matilda had said, she doesn't know I come here. But that's surely not right, Mrs. Phelps said. I think you'd better ask her. I'd rather not. Matilda said, she doesn't encourage reading books. Where does my father? But what do they expect you to do every afternoon in an empty house? Just mute you round and watch the telly. I see. She doesn't really care what I do. Matilda said a little sadly. Mrs. Phelps was concerned about the child's safety on the walk through the fairly busy village high street and the crossing of the road, but she decided not to interfere. Within a week, Matilda had finished great expectations, which in that edition contained four hundred and eleven pages. I loved it! She said to Mrs. Phelps. Has Mr. Dickens written any others? A great number, said the astounded Mrs. Phelps. Shall I choose you another? Over the next six months, under Mrs. Phelps' watchful and compassionate eye, Matilda read the following books. Nicholas Nicolby by Charles Dickens. Oliver Twist by Charles Dickens. Jane Eyre by Charlotte Bronte. The Old Man and the Sea by Ernest Hemingway. It was a formidable list, and by now Mrs. Phelps was filled with wonder and excitement, but it was probably a good thing that she did not allow herself to be completely carried away by it all. Almost anyone else witnessing the achievements of this small child would have been tempted to make a great fuss and shout the news all over the village and beyond. But not so, Mrs. Phelps. She was someone who minded her own business and had long since discovered it was seldom worthwhile to interfere with other people's children. Mr. Hemingway says a lot of things I don't understand, Matilda said to her. Especially about men and women, but I loved it all the same. The way he tells it, I feel I am right there on the spot watching it all happen. A fine writer will always make you feel that, Mrs. Phelps said. And don't worry about the bits you can't understand. Sit back and allow the words to wash around you, like music. I will, I will. Did you know, Mrs. Phelps said, that public libraries like this allow you to borrow books and take them home? I didn't know that, Matilda said. Could I do it? Of course, Mrs. Phelps said. When you have chosen the book you want, bring it to me so I can make a note of it, and it's yours for two weeks. You can take more than one if you wish. From then on, Matilda would visit the library only once a week in order to take out new books and return the old ones. Her own small bedroom now became her reading room, and there she would sit and read most afternoons, often with a mug of hot chocolate beside her. She was not quite tall enough to reach things around the kitchen, but she kept a small box in the outhouse which she brought in and stood on in order to get whatever she wanted. Mostly it was hot chocolate she made, warming the milk and a saucepan on the stove before mixing it. Occasionally she made Bavril or Ovaltean. It was pleasant to take a hot drink up to her room, and have it beside her as she sat in her silent room, reading in the empty house in the afternoons. The books transported her into new worlds, and introduced her to amazing people who lived exciting lives. She went on old-and-day sailing ships with Joseph Conrad. She went to Africa with Ernest Hemingway and to India with Rudyard Kipling. She travelled all over the world while sitting in her little room in an English village. Matilda's parents owned quite a nice house with three bedrooms upstairs, while on the ground floor there was a dining room and a living room and a kitchen. Her father was a dealer in secondhand cars, and it seemed he did pretty well at it. Sawdust, he would say proudly, is one of the great secrets of my success, and it costs me nothing. I get it free from the sawmill. What do you use it for? Matilda asked him. Huh? The father said. Wouldn't you like to know? I don't see how sawdust can help you to sell secondhand cars, daddy. It's because you're an ignorant little twit, the father said. His speech was never very delicate, but Matilda was used to it. She also knew that he liked to boast, and she would egg him on shamelessly. You must be very clever to find a use for something that costs nothing. She said. I wish I could do it. You couldn't. The father said. I'm so glad to buy a car when some fool has been crashing the gears so badly they're all worn out and rattle like mad. I get it cheap. And all I do is mix a lot of sawdust with the oil in the gearbox, and it runs as sweet as a nut. How long will it run like that before it starts rattling again? Matilda asked him. Long enough for the buyer to get a good distance away. The father said grinning. About a hundred miles. But that's dishonest, daddy. Matilda said. It's cheating. No one ever got rich being honest. The father said customers are there to be dittled. Mr. Wormwood was a small, ratty-looking man whose front teeth stuck out underneath a thin, ratty mustache. He liked to wear jackets with large, brightly colored checks, and he sported ties that were usually yellow or pale green.