 n41, pollution and the environment, one. Going green is a household phrase in many parts of the world today. To say that you are going green means that you are determined to make an effort to protect the environment. The term environment refers to the natural world in which we live. This includes living components like plants, animals and humans, as well as non-living components like land, water and air. The environment has always been changing over time. In the past it usually changed slowly and gradually as a result of natural events. Today however, many environmental changes occur more rapidly and are associated with the harmful effects of pollution. Pollution is caused by waste. Waste can be described as all kinds of unwanted material in the form of solids, liquids or gases. It is not necessarily harmful to the environment. Waste materials from plants and animals are biodegradable, which means that they can eventually be returned to the land after being broken down by living things like worms, insects and bacteria. This is nature's own process of recycling. However, if it occurs in large amounts or if it is not handled properly, waste can become a harmful substance known as a pollutant. Pollution results when pollutants are released into the environment at a rate faster than nature is able to deal with. Global warming, the problem of rising temperatures around the world, is one of the far-reaching environmental consequences of pollution. The temperature of our planet is highly affected by greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide and methane. These gases keep us warm by preventing some of the sun's heat from escaping back into space. This is called the greenhouse effect because it is very similar to what happens within the glass walls of an ordinary greenhouse. Over the years, the levels of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere have significantly increased because of pollution. Therefore, the Earth has become much warmer than it was a hundred years ago. If pollution continues to increase, it is believed that average global temperatures could rise by as much as 5 degrees Celsius by the year 2100. Changes of even a few degrees can greatly affect sea levels, rainfall patterns and other weather conditions. Some regions may experience terrible storms and floods, while others may suffer from heat waves and droughts. Then our water supplies would be contaminated, crops would fail and animals would die. Eventually, there could be a worldwide shortage of food and water, as well as a rapid spread of pests and disease. In this way, rising pollution has now become a serious problem for our planet. The roots of the global pollution crisis can be traced back to the dawn of the industrial revolution in the 18th century. This period marked the beginning of a new way of life for human beings, with advances in technology leading to the rapid development of industry. In relation to this, the world's population has grown from about 790 million in 1750 to over 6.5 billion in 2008. As a consequence, more people are using more resources and producing even more waste than before. To make matters worse, we have developed new materials like plastics that are not biodegradable. They can become dangerous pollutants because they cannot be broken down by natural processes. The major sources of pollution today are industrial, commercial, and agricultural activities, but the individual roles we play cannot be ignored. We all generate a great deal of waste in our everyday lives at home, work, or school. The pollution caused by our modern lifestyles is increasingly putting pressure on our environment. It is making our water too dangerous to drink, and our air too dirty to breathe. It is destroying our land and killing the animals and plants that we need for food. All the essential components of our environment are being polluted at an alarming rate. Pollution now poses a serious threat to the survival of all living creatures, which is why so many people across the world are going green. They want to help save our planet for future generations. Before we look at examples of their efforts to do so, let us look at some different types of pollution and the impact they have on the environment. Pollution is usually classified into three main types, air, land, and water, but in fact these types are all related to each other. For example, when the air is polluted with gases, the pollutants fall back to the earth in the form of rain and contaminate the land and the water. Clean air, which has neither odor nor color, is essential for our health. Polluted air has been associated with a number of serious illnesses, including asthma, emphysema, and cancer. Nevertheless, we continue to release millions of harmful substances into the air every year. This is because the main sources of energy in our lives are fossil fuels, such as coal, oil, and natural gas. Power plants, factories, and transportation rely heavily on these fuels, but we also use them in our daily activities, like driving to work, heating our houses, or using electrical appliances. When fossil fuels are burned to produce energy, waste is released into the air in the form of toxic gases. Carbon dioxide is one gas emitted by fossil fuels when they are used. They are burned. Despite being a natural component of the atmosphere, in large amounts it can be a pollutant that not only affects our health, but also enhances the greenhouse effect. Other dangerous byproducts of fossil fuel use include sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxide. When these gases are released into the air, they combine with water to form acid clouds, which then produce acid rain. Air pollutants can easily be carried by the wind, which is why acid rain often occurs in areas that are far away from the original source of pollution. Although it is normal for rain to contain some acid, high levels of acid can cause serious environmental damage. For example, forests in Ontario, Quebec, and other parts of Canada are gradually disappearing, because acid rain is preventing the trees and plants from growing properly. The acid reduces their ability to withstand insects and cold weather by destroying their leaves and poisoning the soil in which their roots grow. Acid rain also causes water pollution. Many lakes and rivers in southern Norway have become so acidic that certain fish species have been completely wiped out. Even man-made structures are not safe, because acid can eat into stone, brick, and metal. Acid rain has damaged historic monuments in Europe, as well as the ruins of the ancient Mayans in southern Mexico.