 N-131, water ship down, one. The primroses were over. Toward the edge of the wood, where the ground became open, and sloped down to an old fence and a brambley ditch beyond. Only a few fading patches of pale yellow still showed among the dogs mercury and the oak tree roots. On the other side of the fence, the upper part of the field was full of rabbit holes. In places the grass was gone altogether, and everywhere there were clusters of dried robins, through which nothing but the rag-wirt would grow. A hundred yards away, at the bottom of the slope, ran the brook, no more than three feet wide, half-choked with king-cups, water-cress, and blue brook-lime. The cart-track crossed by a brick-covert, and climbed the opposite slope to a five-barred gate in the Thornhedge. The gate led into the lane. The May sunset was red in clouds, and there was still half an hour to twilight. The dry slope was dotted with rabbits. Some nibbling at the thin grass near their holes, others pushing further down to look for dandelions, or perhaps a cow-slip that the rest had missed. Here and there once at upright on an antip, and looked about, with ears erect and nose in the wind. But a blackbird, singing undisturbed on the outskirts of the wood, showed that there was nothing alarming there, and in the other direction, along the brook, always plain to be seen, empty and quiet. The Warren was at peace. At the top of the bank, close to the wild cherry where the blackbird sang, was a little group of holes almost hidden by brambles. In the green half-light at the mouth of one of these holes, two rabbits were sitting together side by side. At length, the larger of the two came out, slipped along the bank under cover of the brambles, and so down into the ditch, and up into the field. A few moments later, the other followed. The first rabbit stopped in a sunny patch and scratched his ear with rapid movements of his hind leg. Although he was a yearling, and still below full weight, he had not the harassed look of most outskirts. That is, the rank and file of ordinary rabbits in their first year, who lacking either aristocratic parentage or unusual size and strength, gets sat on by their elders and live as best they can, often in the open, on the edge of their Warren. He looked as though he knew how to take care of himself. There was a shrewd, buoyant air about him as he sat up, looked around, and rubbed both front paws over his nose. As soon as he was satisfied that all was well, he laid back his ears and set to work on the grass. His companion seemed less at ease. He was small, with wide, staring eyes, and a way of raising and turning his head, which suggested not so much caution as a kind of ceaseless, nervous tension. His nose moved continually, and when a bumblebee flew humming to a thistle-bloom behind him, he jumped and spun round with a start that sent two nearby rabbits scurrying for holes before the nearest, a buck with black-tipped ears, recognized him, and returned to feeding. Oh, it's only Fiverr, said the black-tipped rabbit. Jumping at blue bottles again. Come on, buckthorn. What were you telling me? Fiverr, said the other rabbit. Why is he called that? Five in the litter. You know. He was the last, and the smallest. You'd wonder nothing had got him by now. I always say a man couldn't see him, and a fox wouldn't want him. Still, I admit he seems to be able to keep on a farm's way. The small rabbit came closer to his companion, lolliping on long hind legs. Let's go a bit further, Hazel, he said. You know, there's something queer about the war in this evening, although I can't tell exactly what it is. Shall we go down to the brook? All right, answered Hazel, and you can find me a cow slip. If you can't find one, no one can. He led the way down the slope, his shadow stretching behind him on the grass. They reached the brook, and began nibbling and searching close beside the wheel-ruts of the track. It was not long before Fiverr found what they were looking for. Cow slips are a delicacy among rabbits, and as a rule, there are very few left by late May in the neighborhood of even a small Warren. This one had not bloomed, and its flat spread of leaves was almost hidden under the long grass. They were just sitting on it when two larger rabbits came running across from the other side of the nearby cattle-weight. Cow slip said one. All right, just leave it to us. Come on, hurry up! He added, as Fiverr hesitated. You heard me, didn't you? Fiverr found it, Toadflacks, said Hazel, and will eat it. Replyed Toadflacks? Cow slips are for our law. Don't you know that? If you don't, we can easily teach you. Fiverr had already turned away. Hazel caught him up by the covert. I'm sick and tired of it, he said. It's the same all the time. These are my claws, so this is my cow slip. These are my teeth, so this is my burrow. I'll tell you, if ever I get into the Owls Law, I'll treat Owls curders with a bit of decency. Well, you can at least expect to be in the Owls Law one day, answered Fiverr. You've got some weight coming, and that's more than I shall ever have. You don't suppose I'll leave you to look after yourself, do you, said Hazel. But to tell you the truth, I sometimes feel like clearing out of this war and altogether. Still, let's forget it now, and try to enjoy the evening. I tell you what, shall we go across the brook? There'll be fewer rabbits, and we can have a bit of peace. Unless you feel it isn't safe, he added. The way in which he asked suggested that he did, in fact, think that Fiverr was likely to know better than himself, and it was clear from Fiverr's reply that this was accepted between them. No, it's safe enough, he answered.