 J. 171. Treasure Island. One. Far back in the 17th century, my father ran an inn in England. One day, a sailor who was carrying a big wooden box came to stay at our inn. We all wondered what was in the box. We called him Captain. He had a cut across one cheek. I remember him singing an old sea song. Every day the captain asked if any sailors had come to the inn. We thought he was lonely, but we learned that he was hiding from the sailors. The captain asked me to tell him if I ever saw a sailor with only one leg. I had nightmares about the one-legged sailor. I was sure he must be a pirate. On a cold winter morning, not long after the captain had left the inn for his daily walk, a stranger came to the inn. He was a scary-looking man, missing two fingers on one of his hands. He also carried a sword. Does my friend Billy stay here? He asked. I don't know anyone called Billy, I said. I only know the captain. Ah, yes, the captain. That would be Billy Bones, my friend. The man laughed. His laugh sounded cruel. The captain's face turned white with fear when he saw the man. The man's name was Black Dog. They had a sword fight. Black Dog ran out of the inn and down the road. The captain fell on the floor, and we had to call the doctor. Dr. Livesy said the captain would die unless he stopped drinking. When the captain was feeling stronger, he told me some secrets. Jim, listen, some sailors want the contents of my wooden box. A few days later, an ugly blind man came to our inn. The captain was shocked and died after meeting him. My mother and I opened the captain's big box. Inside, we found a map of an island. Dr. Livesy said it was a treasure map. The map showed where a pirate called Captain Flint had buried treasure. We went to tell the news to Mr. Trellani, the squire. He said that we should buy a ship and sail to the island. He took us to meet Long John Silver, a sailor who owned an inn in Bristol. Long John Silver hopped on one leg because he had lost his left leg in a battle. I was worried that Silver might be the one-legged sailor that Captain Billy Bones had been afraid of. But I could see that Silver was not a pirate. He was a very kind, polite man. Silver agreed to be the cook on our ship. I was to be the cabin boy, and Dr. Livesy would be the ship's doctor. The ship's captain did not like Silver and the other crew members. Captain Smolitz did not think the crew could be trusted. But we sailed off on our ship, the Hispaniola. The sea was very rough. I liked talking to Silver, whose parrot also made me laugh. The green parrot cried, pieces of eight. But one evening, just as we came close to the island, I found out that Silver was not an honest person after all. When I was sleeping in an Apple barrel, I accidentally heard Silver talking to some of the crew. They wanted to steal the treasure and then kill us.