 O-11, a retrieved Reformation. 2. Jimmy went to the planter's hotel, registered as Ralph D. Spencer, and engaged a room. He leaned on the desk and declared his platform to the clerk. He said he had come to Elmore to look for a location to go into business. How was the shoe business now in the town? He had thought of the shoe business. Was there an opening? The clerk cordially gave information. Yes, there ought to be a good opening in the shoe line. There wasn't an exclusive shoe store in the place. The dry goods in general stores handled them. Business in all lines was fairly good. Hoped Mr. Spencer would decide to locate in Elmore. He would find it a pleasant town to live in, and the people very sociable. Mr. Spencer thought he would stop over in the town a few days and look over the situation. No, the clerk needed to call the boy. He would carry up his suitcase himself. It was rather heavy. Mr. Ralph Spencer. The phoenix that arose from Jimmy Valentine's ashes, ashes left by the flame of a sudden and alternative attack of love remained in Elmore and prospered. He opened a shoe store and secured a good run of trade. Socially he was also a success and made many friends, and he accomplished the wish of his heart. He met Miss Annabel Adams and became more and more captivated by her charms. At the end of a year, the situation of Mr. Ralph Spencer was this. He had won the respect of the community. His shoe store was flourishing, and he and Annabel were engaged to be married in two weeks. Mr. Adams, the typical plotting country banker, approved of Spencer. Annabel's pride in him almost equaled her affection. He was as much at home in the family of Mr. Adams and that of Annabel's married sister as if he were already a member. One day, Jimmy sat down in his room and wrote a letter, which he mailed to the safe address of one of his old friends in St. Louis. Dear old pal, I want you to be at Sullivan's place in Little Rock next Wednesday night at nine o'clock. I want you to wind up some little matters for me, and also I want to make you a present of my kid of tools. I know you'll be glad to get them. I've quit the old business a year ago. I've got a nice store. I'm making an honest living, and I'm going to marry the finest girl on earth two weeks from now. She believes in me, and I wouldn't do another crooked thing for the whole world. Be sure to be at Sallies, for I must see you. I'll bring along the tools with me. Your old friend, Jimmy. On the Monday night after Jimmy wrote this letter, Ben Price jogged unobtrusively into Elmore in a livery buggy. He lounged about town in his quiet way until he found out what he wanted to know. On the drugstore across the street from Spencer's shoe store, he got a good look at Ralph D. Spencer. Going to marry the banker's daughter, are you Jimmy? Said Ben to himself softly. Well, I don't know. The next morning, Jimmy took breakfast at the Adamses. He was going to Little Rock that day to order his wedding suit and buy something nice for Annabelle. That would be the first time he had left town since he came to Elmore. It had been more than a year now since those last professional jobs, and he thought he could safely venture out. After breakfast, quite a family party went downtown together. Mr. Adams, Annabelle, Jimmy, and Annabelle's married sister with her two little girls, aged five and nine. They came by the hotel where Jimmy's still boarded, and he ran up to his room and brought along his suitcase. Then they went on to the bank. The Elmore bank had just put in a new safe and vault. Mr. Adams was very proud of it, and insisted on an inspection by everyone. The vault was a small one, but it had a new patented door. It fastened with three solid steel bolts thrown simultaneously with a single handle, and had a time lock. Mr. Adams beamingly explained its workings to Mr. Spencer, who showed a courteous, but not too intelligent interest. The two children, May and Agatha were delighted by the shining metal and funny clock and knobs. While they were thus engaged, Ben Price sontered in and leaned on his elbow, looking casually inside between the railings. He told the teller that he didn't want anything. He was just waiting for a man he knew. Suddenly there was a scream or two from the women, and a commotion. Unperceived by the elders, May, the nine-year-old girl, in a spirit of play, had shot Agatha in the vault. She had then shot the bolts and turned the knob of the combination as she had seen Mr. Adams do. The old bankers sprang to the handle and tugged at it for a moment. The door can't be opened, he groaned. The clock hasn't been wound nor the combination set. Agatha's mother screamed again hysterically. There isn't a man nearer than Little Rock who can open that door, said Mr. Adams in a shaky voice. Annabel turned to Jimmy, her large eyes full of anguish, but not yet despairing. To a woman, nothing seems quite impossible to the powers of the man she worships. Can't you do something, Ralph? Dry, won't you? He looked at her with a queer soft smile on his lips and in his keen eyes. Annabel, he said, give me that rose you're wearing, will you? She unpin the bud from the bosom of her dress and placed it in his hand. Jimmy stuffed it into his vest pocket, threw off his coat and pulled up his shirt sleeves. With that act, Ralph D. Spencer passed away and Jimmy Valentine took his place. Get away from the door all of you, he commanded shortly. He set his suitcase on the table and opened it out flat. In a minute Jimmy's pet drill was biting smoothly into the steel door. In ten minutes he threw back the bolts and opened the door. Agatha, almost collapsed, but safe, was gathered into her mother's arms. Jimmy Valentine put on his coat and walked outside the railings toward the front door. As he went, he thought he heard a far away voice that he once knew called Ralph, but he never hesitated. At the door a big man stood somewhat in his way. Hello Ben, said Jimmy, still with his strange smile. Got around at last have you? Well, let's go. I don't know that it makes much difference now. And then, then price acted rather strangely. Miss your mistake in Mr. Spencer? He said, don't believe I recognize you. Your buggy's waiting for you, ain't it? And Ben price turned and strode down the street.