 N71. Thunderwith. Two. She stared out the window at the scenery that was unfamiliar to her now that they'd left the sprawling outskirts of Newcastle behind them. It was really the country here she thought. Those rolling fields and glimpses of occasional farmhouses and all the stationary cows that looked like cardboard cutouts, they were so still. Laura liked the sound of the man's farm and the forest, too. Living on a farm would be good. Perhaps that be horses, and she could learn to ride with the kids who were her new family. There were magnificent beaches nearby the man told her that all goes surfing together. Yes, perhaps it'd be okay in the end. Laura felt sleepy. The sun was riding high in the motion of the car and all her talking made her tired. She closed her eyes. The man didn't seem to mind that Laura didn't want to talk anymore. She wondered now as she'd wondered before why her mom and the man had stayed together. He seemed so comfortable, so strong. So nice. Laura could only vaguely remember the man. Mom had left him when Laura had only been three and she'd met the musician from Melbourne, Walter. She distinctly remembered Walter for all his unkindnesses to her as a small child. Mom had stuck it out in Melbourne with Walter for almost three years, but finally, when their fights became too bad, she'd left him and taken Laura back to live near Sydney. They went to mom's only friend, Narell, who lived at St. Mary's, not far from the Blue Mountains. You could actually see the mountains from Narell's back doorstep, a wavy line on the horizon. They changed with the weather from smoky blue to gray green, but she and Mom had never been up there the whole time they stayed at St. Mary's. Mom always said that go. We'll see the three sisters, Laura, and have a picnic in Megalong Valley one weekend soon. But somehow Mom was always too tired. She'd recite her bush poems to Laura often enough though when they sat on Narell's back step, leaving Laura to dream of the magic places that might be up there. By channels of coolness, the echoes are calling. And down the dim gorges I hear the creek falling. It lives in the mountain where moss and the sages touch with their beauty the banks and the ledges. Through breaks of the cedar and sycamore bours, struggles the light that is love to the flowers and softer than slumber and sweeter than singing. The notes of the bellbirds are running and ringing. They lived with Narell and her two small kids for quite a while, but one day Mom said she'd had enough of St. Mary's. She decided to move closer into the city. Mom said work would be easier to find. There'd been the series of apartments and rooms and broken down houses for them then, each one worse than the last. Mom tried to stay cheerful, but one day in the middle of winter when the hot water broke down. Mom yelled at the stubborn heater. Enough! You've done it this time! I've had enough of you! You stinking rotten thing! That night, after a cold water wash for both of them in their freezing room, Mom decided that they should head north to the lakes area. Just like that, it was the way Mom did things. She'd been told that living was cheaper up north, a few hundred kilometers from Sydney and warmer too. So, that's where they'd go. We're going to live in a trailer! She announced to Lara as if it were the most exciting prospect in the world. Like going to live in a wonderful mansion or castle or something. We'll be by a lake and you can go swimming and maybe we can even have a little boat, Lara. You'll be wonderful! You'd better believe it! Yes, they would live in a trailer beside Lake Manmora and Mom would find a job and save up and then eventually they'd buy a house. It'll be like being on vacation all the time! Mom said enthusiastically. Mom usually managed to see the bright side of things, so you won't feel one bit sorry about leaving the city. Will you, Lara? Lara wasn't sorry to be leaving the city and her school where she had been at the bottom of her class and people had constantly talked about her learning problems. They'd lived in a trailer at Idol Hours trailer park for two years. Mom had worried at first about it not being a proper house, but it had turned out to be the happiest time in their life, Lara reflected. Things seemed to go so well for them once they came to live in the large trailer that even had its own front garden. How pretty! A garden right by our door, Lara! Mom had said the first day, noticing a wild clump of Nostertians, the only thing in bloom and the dusty ragged garden. And my favorite flowers in all the world, Lara! Well, after roses, that is, she'd picked an estershim and worn it in her crinkly red hair. Mom had got a job right away at the local garage doing typing and bookkeeping. Mom had planted a rose tree, and it had bloomed twice right by the front door among the Nostertians. And Lara had learned to read properly at last. A miracle had happened with the help of her teacher Mrs. Robinson. It had been hell being so old, knowing you could hardly read it all, and thinking you'd never, ever learn. Lara was sure she was stupid because she just couldn't seem to get it together. So many people had tried to help her in the past, but no one had tried quite like Mrs. Robinson. But I don't want to read kids' books! Mom had complained. She was staggering to the car with a dozen or more books piled in her arms. Mrs. Robinson and Lara followed with more books in their hands. Tell me that after you've tried these, Mrs. Robinson insisted. I'll help Lara here at school, and you help her at home, okay? She was so bossy about it that Mom had dutifully poured over the titles and said, I suppose this one looks okay, love. Do you mind if I read it to you, Lara? She's said to read every day.