 M171, the diary of a young girl, one. Saturday, June 20th, 1942. Writing in a diary is a really strange experience for someone like me, not only because I've never written anything before, but also because it seems to me that later on neither I nor anyone else will be interested in the musings of a 13-year-old schoolgirl. Oh well, it doesn't matter. I feel like writing, and I have an even greater need to get all kinds of things off my chest. Paper has more patience than people. I thought of this saying on one of those days when I was feeling a little depressed and was sitting at home with my chin in my hands, bored and listless, wondering whether to stay in or go out. I finally stayed where I was, brooding. Yes, paper does have more patience, and since I'm not planning to let anyone else read this stiff-backed notebook grandly referred to as a diary, unless I should ever find a real friend, it probably won't make a bit of difference. Now I'm back to the point that prompted me to keep a diary in the first place. I don't have a friend. Let me put it more clearly, since no one will believe that a 13-year-old girl is completely alone in the world. And I'm not. I have loving parents, and a 16-year-old sister, and there are about 30 people I can call friends. I have a throng of admirers who can keep their adoring eyes off me, and who sometimes have to resort to using a broken pocket mirror to try and catch a glimpse of me in the classroom. I have a family, loving aunts, and a good home. No, on the surface I seem to have everything except my one true friend. All I think about when I'm with friends is having a good time. I can't bring myself to talk about anything but ordinary, everyday things. We don't seem to be able to get any closer, and that's the problem. Maybe it's my fault that we don't confide in each other. In any case, that's just how things are, and unfortunately, they're not liable to change. This is why I've started the diary. To enhance the image of this long awaited friend in my imagination, I don't want to jot down the facts in this diary the way most people would do. But I want the diary to be my friend, and I'm going to call this friend Kitty. Since no one would understand a word of my stories to Kitty, if I were to plunge right in, I'd better provide a brief sketch of my life, much as I dislike doing so. My father, the most adorable father I've ever seen, didn't marry my mother until he was 36, and she was 25. My sister Margot was born in Frankfurt, Amein in Germany, in 1926. I was born on June 12, 1929. I lived in Frankfurt until I was four. Because with Jewish, my father immigrated to Holland in 1933, when he became the managing director of the Dutch Opecta Company, which manufactures products used in making jam. My mother, Edith Hollander Frank, went with him to Holland in September, while Margot and I were sent to Aachen to stay with our grandmother. Margot went to Holland in December, and I followed in February, when I was plunked down on the table as a birthday present for Margot. I started right away at the Montessori Nursery School. I stayed there until I was six, at which time I started first grade. In sixth grade, my teacher was Mrs. Cooperus, the principal. At the end of the year, we were both in tears as we set a heartbreaking farewell, because I'd been accepted at the Jewish Lysium, where Margot also went to school. Our lives were not without anxiety, since our relatives in Germany were suffering under Hitler's anti-Jewish laws. After the pogroms in 1938, my two uncles, my mother's brothers, fled Germany, finding safe refuge in North America. My elderly grandmother came to live with us. She was 73 years old at the time. After May 1940, the good times were few and far between. First there was the war, then the capitulation, and then the arrival of the Germans, which is when the trouble started for the Jews. Our freedom was severely restricted by a series of anti-Jewish decrees. You couldn't do this and you couldn't do that, but life went on. Jackie always said to me, I don't dare do anything anymore, because I'm afraid it's not allowed. In the summer of 1941, grandma got sick and had to have an operation, so my birthday passed with little celebration. In the summer of 1940, we didn't do much for my birthday either, since the fighting had just ended in Holland. Grandma died in January 1942. No one knows how often I think of her and still love her. This birthday celebration in 1942 was intended to make up for the others, and Grandma's candle was lit along with the rest. The four of us are still doing well, and that brings me to the present date of June 20, 1942, and the solemn dedication of my diary. Wednesday, July 8, 1942. Dearest Kitty, it seems like years since Sunday morning so much has happened, it's as if the whole world had suddenly turned upside down. But as you can see, Kitty, I'm still alive, and that's the main thing, Father says. I'm alive alright, but don't ask where or how. You probably don't understand a word I'm saying today, so I'll begin by telling you what happened Sunday afternoon. At three o'clock, hello had left, but was supposed to come back later. The doorbell rang. I didn't hear it, since I was out on the balcony, lazily reading in the sun. A little while later, Margo appeared in the kitchen doorway looking very agitated. Father has received a call-up notice from the SS, she whispered. Mother has gone to see Mr. Vandanaan. Mr. Vandanaan is Father's business partner and a good friend. I was stunned, a call-up. Everyone knows what that means. Visions of concentration camps and lonely cells race through my head. How could we let Father go to such a fate? Of course he's not going, declared Margo as we waited for Mother in the living room. Mother's gone to Mr. Vandanaan to ask whether we can move to our hiding place tomorrow. The Vandanaans are going with us. There will be seven of us all together. Silence, we couldn't speak.