 M101, Matilda 1. They had a son called Michael and a daughter called Matilda, and the parents looked upon Matilda in particular as nothing more than a scab. A scab is something you have to put up with until the time comes when you can pick it off and flick it away. Mr and Mrs. Wormwood looked forward enormously to the time when they could pick their little daughter off and flick her away, preferably into the next county, or even further than that. It is bad enough when parents treat ordinary children as though they were scabs and bunions, but it becomes somehow a lot worse when the child in question is extra-ordinary, and by that I mean sensitive and brilliant. Matilda was both of these things, but above all she was brilliant. Her mind was so nimble and she was so quick to learn that her ability should have been obvious even to the most half-witted of parents. But Mr and Mrs. Wormwood were both so gormless and so wrapped up in their own silly little lives that they failed to notice anything unusual about their daughter. To tell the truth, I doubt they would have noticed had she crawled into the house with a broken leg. Matilda's brother Michael was a perfectly normal boy, but the sister, as I said, was something to make your eyes pop. By the age of one and a half, her speech was perfect and she knew as many words as most grown-ups. The parents, instead of applauding her, called her in noisy chatterbox and told her sharply that small girls should be seen and not heard. By the time she was three, Matilda had taught herself to read by studying newspapers and magazines that lay around the house. At the age of four she could read fast and well, and she naturally began hankering after books. The only book in the whole of this enlightened household was something called Easy Cooking belonging to her mother and when she had read this from cover to cover and had learned all the recipes by heart, she decided she wanted something more interesting. Daddy? She said. Do you think you could buy me a book? A book? She said. To read, Daddy? What's wrong with the tally for heaven's sake? We've got a lovely tally with a 12-inch screen and now you come asking for a book. You're getting spoiled, my girl. Nearly every week day afternoon, Matilda was left alone in the house. Her brother, five years older than her, went to school. Her father went to work and her mother went out playing bingo in a town eight miles away. Mrs. Wormwood was hooked on bingo and played it five afternoons a week. On the afternoon of the day when her father had refused to buy her a book, Matilda set out all by herself to walk to the public library in the village. When she arrived, she introduced herself to the librarian Mrs. Phelps. She asked if she might sit awhile and read a book. Mrs. Phelps slightly taken a back at the arrival of such a tiny girl unaccompanied by a parent. Nevertheless told her she was very welcome. There are the children's books, please, Matilda asked. They're over there on those lower shelves. Mrs. Phelps told her, would you like me to help you find a nice one with lots of pictures in it? No, thank you. Matilda said, I'm sure I can manage. From then on, every afternoon, as soon as her mother had left for bingo, Matilda would tautle down to the library. The walk took only ten minutes, and this allowed her two glorious hours sitting quietly by herself in a cozy corner devouring one book after another. When she had read every single children's book in the place, she started wandering round in search of something else. Mrs. Phelps, who had been watching her with fascination for the past few weeks, now got up from her desk and went over to her. Can I help you, Matilda? She asked. I'm wondering what to read next. Matilda said. I finished all the children's books. You mean you've looked at the pictures? Yes, but I've read the books as well. Mrs. Phelps looked down at Matilda from her great height, and Matilda looked right back up at her. I thought some were very poor, Matilda said. But others were lovely. I liked the secret garden best of all. It was full of mystery. The mystery of the room behind the closed door, and the mystery of the garden behind the big wall. Mrs. Phelps was stunned. Exactly how old are you, Matilda? She asked. Four years and three months? Matilda said. Mrs. Phelps was more stunned than ever, but she had the sense not to show it. What sort of a book would you like to read next? She asked. Matilda said. I would like a really good one that grownups read. A famous one. I don't know any names. Mrs. Phelps looked along the shelves, taking her time. She didn't quite know what to bring out. How, she asked herself, does one choose a famous grownup book for a four-year-old girl? Her first thought was to pick a young teenager's romance of the kind that is written for 15-year-old schoolgirls. But for some reason she found herself instinctively walking past that particular shelf. Try this, she said at last. It's very famous and very good. If it's too long for you, just let me know, and I'll find something shorter and a bit easier. I'd love to try it. I must be mad, Mrs. Phelps told herself. But to Matilda she said, of course you may try it. Over the next few afternoons Mrs. Phelps could hardly take her eyes from the small girl, sitting for hour after hour in the big armchair at the far end of the room with the book on her lap. It was necessary to rest it on the lap because it was too heavy for her to hold up, which meant she had to sit leaning forward in order to read. And a strange sight it was. This tiny, dark-haired person sitting there with her feet nowhere near touching the floor totally absorbed in the wonderful adventures of Pip and Ole Miss Havisham and her cobwebed house, and by the spell of magic that Dickens the great storyteller had woven with his words.