 0181. Great Expectations. 3. Do you know what I touch here? She said, laying her hands one upon the other on her left side. Yes, ma'am. What do I touch? Your heart. Broken. She uttered the word with an eager look and with strong emphasis and with a weird smile that had a kind of boast in it. Afterward she kept her hands there for a little while and slowly took them away as if they were heavy. I am tired, said Miss Havisham. I want diversion and I have done with men and women. Play. I think it will be conceded by my most disputatious reader that she could hardly have directed an unfortunate boy to do anything in the wide world more difficult to be done under the circumstances. Are you sullen and obstinate? No ma'am, I am very sorry for you and very sorry I can't play just now. If you complain of me I shall get into trouble with my sister, so I would do it if I could. But it's so new here and so strange and so fine and melancholy. I stopped, fearing I might say too much or had already said it and we took another look at each other. Before she spoke again she turned her eyes from me and looked at the dress she wore and at the dressing table and finally at herself in the looking glass. So new to him she muttered. So old to me. So strange to him so familiar to me. So melancholy to both of us. Call Estella. As she was still looking at the reflection of herself I thought she was still talking to herself and kept quiet. Call Estella. She repeated, flashing a look at me. You can do that. Call Estella at the door. She stand in the dark in a mysterious passage of an unknown house, bawling Estella to a squornful young lady, neither visible nor responsive and feeling it a dreadful liberty so to roar out her name was almost as bad as playing to order. But she answered at last and her light came along the long dark passage like a star. This habisham beckoned her to come close and took up a jewel from the table and tried its effect upon her fair young bosom and against her pretty brown hair. Your own one day my dear and you will use it well. Let me see you play cards with this boy. With this boy why he is a common laboring boy. I thought I overheard mishabisham answer only it seemed so unlikely. Well, you can break his heart. What do you play boy? Asked Estella of myself with the greatest disdain. Nothing but beggar my neighbor miss. Say her hymn said mishabisham to Estella so we sat down to cards. It was then I began to understand that everything in the room had stopped like the watch and the clock a long time ago. I noticed that mishabisham put down the jewel exactly on the spot from which she had taken it up. As Estella dealt the cards I glanced at the dressing table again and saw that the shoe upon it once white now yellow had never been worn. I glanced down at the foot from which the shoe was absent and saw that the silk stocking on it once white now yellow had been trotten ragged. Without this arrest of everything the standing still of all the pale decayed objects, not even the withered bridal dress on the collapsed form could have looked so like grave clothes or the long veil so like a shroud. So she sat corpse like as we played at cards. The frillings and trimmings on her bridal dress looking like earthy paper. He calls the naves jacks this boy. Set Estella with disdain before our first game was out. And what coarse hands he has and what thick boots. I had never thought of being ashamed of my hands before, but I began to consider them a very indifferent pair. Her contempt for me was so strong that it became infectious and I caught it. She won the game and I dealt. I misdelt as was only natural when I knew she was lying and wait for me to do wrong and she denounced me for a stupid, clumsy, laboring boy. You say nothing of her. She didn't mishavisham to me as she looked on. She says many hard things of you, but you say nothing of her. What do you think of her? I don't like to say, I stammered. Tell me in my ear, said mishavisham bending down. I think she is very proud. I replied in a whisper. Anything else? I think she is very pretty. Anything else? I think she is very insulting. Anything else? I think I should like to go home. And never see her again, though she is so pretty. I am not sure that I shouldn't like to see her again, but I should like to go home now. You shall go soon, said mishavisham aloud. Play the game out. I played the game to an end with Estella and she beggard me. She threw the cards down on the table when she had won them all as if she despised them for having been one of me. Then shall I have you here again, said mishavisham? Let me think. I was beginning to remind her that today was Wednesday when she checked me with her former impatient movement of the fingers of her right hand. There, there, I know nothing of days of the week. I know nothing of weeks of the year. Come again after six days, you here? Yes, ma'am. Estella, take him down. Let him have something to eat and let him roam and look about him while he eats. Go, Pip. I set off on the four mile walk to our forge, pondering as I went along on all I had seen, and deeply revolving that I was a common laboring boy, that my hands were coarse, that my boots were thick, that I had fallen into a despicable habit of calling naves, jacks, that I was much more ignorant than I had considered myself last night, and generally that I was in a low lived bad way. When I reached home, my sister was very curious to know all about mishavishams and asked a number of questions. If a dread of not being understood, be hidden in the breasts of other young people to anything like the extent to which it used to be hidden in mind, which I consider probable as I have no particular reason to suspect myself of having been a monstrosity, it is the key to many reservations. I felt convinced that if I described mishavishams as my eyes had seen it, I should not be understood. Not only that, but I felt convinced that mishavishams too would not be understood, and although she was perfectly incomprehensible to me, I entertained an impression that there would be something coarse and treacherous in my dragging her as she really was to say nothing of Mrs. Stella before the contemplation of Mrs. Joe. Consequently, I said as little as I could.