 N91 Thunderworth 4 Just in case, Laura, I want you to know all about him. Laura listened, but she wasn't really interested. She didn't really want to know about the man. She just wanted mom to get well again. And Laura was sure her mother would get well. She kept going to work and she stayed positive and cheerful. It was just after every treatment at the hospital she was very, very tired. Sometimes even too tired to talk. That was when Laura had read to her, sometimes for hours on end, so pleased to be able to do it. Yes, mom would pull through. She was sure. They needed each other. Mom wouldn't go and leave her. But one afternoon when she came home from school, mom had bad news for her daughter. I'm sorry, love. I can't seem to go on anymore. Mom apologized. I'll only be in the hospital for a few weeks, just to get me over this bit. You're to stay with Albert and Marjorie Robinson for a while. I'll bring you to see me every day. I'll be home in a week or two. But mom had never come home again. In the hospital ward, cheerful with chins, Laura spent hours talking or reading to her. Sometimes she'd read out some of mom's favorite poems, the ones about the Australian bush. But the familiar lines about bellbirds or the man from Snowy River made Laura feel all choked up. It made her think of mom reciting them in her dramatic stage voice out the trailer door and across the lake. And already, this seemed a memory of the past. Laura preferred to read some of their favorite parts out of the many books they had shared. In a few weeks or maybe months, Laura, we're going to have to say goodbye. Mom finally conceded one day. You might think it'll be forever love. It won't be forever. I can assure you we'll be meeting again. Let's make a meeting place, Laura, right now. How about the secret garden with all the rose trees? Your Tom's Midnight Garden. Remember that place, Laura? Oh, it was so lovely. That's only books, Mom. Laura had burst out. It's fantasy. It isn't fantasy that we've been to those places together now, is it? That was the only time that Laura had cried. It put her head down on the bright floral hospital cover and wept bitterly. Don't be like that, Mom had comforted her. You mustn't be afraid. Look at me, Laura. And she'd taken her hand. You remember the dark bird I told you about that used to come fluttering into my life every so often, made me feel so miserable and down. And remember how I'd make it fly off and leave me alone? Well, there's a dark bird hovering over you right now. But you'll send it on its way. I know it. Not now, Laura. But later on, I know it. Why not to be afraid, Laura? You've got to look your fear full in the face, love. And then things won't seem so bad. Mom had said this kind of thing many times in the past. It had often helped her. But with so much to fear, now and up ahead, Mom's words didn't seem to help at all. Now about this cancer thing, I must admit there have been times when I've been angry, good and angry, and times when I've been scared too, Laura. Mostly lying here in the hospital thinking about it, I've been puzzled. I couldn't work out why it should be that I won't see you grow up to be the lovely young woman I know you'll be. And then, Laura, I thought about the man. I've wanted so much for you to know the man, Larry, your dad. And after I left him for that Walter and our time in Melbourne, well, I've never been able to find him. We'll find him now. I'm sure of it. Mrs. Robinson has people in the police department working on it right now. You won't just meet the man. You'll be living with him again. You get to love him. Be his daughter. He's a beautiful person, Laura. But they hadn't found Larry richy easily. And when Narell said she couldn't possibly cope with another child in her house at St. Mary's, the home loomed dangerously close for Laura. Being alone in the unfamiliar space of a large bedroom in Mrs. Robinson's house, Laura thought about the home a lot. She'd read about orphanages in books. They always seemed cruel, awful places where children picked on each other and adults were generally unsympathetic. Mrs. Robinson assured her that this wasn't so anymore. That you'd have a house mother and house father. She'd live like a great big family in a pleasant home and go to a regular school. She said if she and Albert hadn't been going away overseas to her daughters, Laura could have stayed with them a while. She promised Laura that when they came back, she could come to them for school vacations. Don't think about that home too much, Laura. They're still searching for your dad, and I've got the feeling they'll find him. Laura hoped against hope that her mom would see the man and know that Laura was safe. But she'd been gone almost two weeks when news came through to the Robinson's that a Larry Richie in family were living on a remote farm in the Wallingat Forest area. There was no phone, but the local post office had given a message to his wife. Richie was away working up north it seemed. She wasn't sure where he was or when he'd be back. Three days later on a long distance call, Larry Richie had announced himself to his daughter. Of course you won't be going to any home in Sydney, Laura. The only home you'll be going to is ours. Now just hold on there, kiddo, and I'll be down in about a week to get you. She liked the man's quiet voice at once. She'd liked the way he'd called her kiddo as if he'd known her for ages. She longed to see him and to tell him all about mom. She knew at once that she wanted to go home with him. However home might be.