 Story 2 The town mouse and the country mouse The country mouse and the town mouse were good friends One day, the country mouse called the town mouse If you have time, come and visit me in the country That sounds great! I'll come tomorrow! Reply the town mouse The next day, the town mouse arrived at the country mouse's home The country mouse lived under a tree Welcome to my home! Said the country mouse It's very plain! My house is much bigger and nicer! Said the town mouse If I were rich, I could live in the town too! Anywhere I could live in the town If I were rich, I could live in the town too! Anyway, let's eat! Do you like seeds and corn? Ask the country mouse? Not really! I don't eat this food anymore! In the town, I eat like a king every day! I wish I could eat delicious food every day! Said the country mouse If you want, you can live with me! Said the town mouse Really? Can I go with you when you return to the town? Ask the country mouse? Sure! The next morning, the town mouse and the country mouse left That night, they arrived at the town mouse's home This is my house! Said the town mouse Wow! Do you really live here? It's amazing! Said the country mouse? So, what are we going to have for dinner? I'm starving! Said the country mouse? I'll show you! Let's go to the dining room! Here we are! Wow! I can't believe it! I've never seen so much food before! There were many kinds of food on the table There were cakes, bread, salads, fruits, vegetables and pasta Do you want another cookie? Ask the town mouse No thanks! I'm stuffed! Replyed the country mouse? Me too! Said the town mouse Suddenly, the door creaked! The mice froze! Run! It's the cat! Whisper the town mouse? Let's hide in that hole! Come on, hurry! Phew! We were lucky! If we hadn't run so fast, that cat would have seen us! Said the town mouse? You look like you're sick! Said the town mouse I am sick! That cat almost saw us! You didn't tell me about the cat! Cry the country mouse? It's just a cat! If you had asked me, I would have told you! Reply the town mouse? If I were you, I'd find a new home! I'm going back to the country right now! I prefer my quiet and peaceful life! Town life is too dangerous for me! See you later! Said the country mouse?