 N31. Goal. For. A meeting with music, shouted Glenn. Barry gestured for the nearest girl to turn down the CD a little. Just finished, mate. He said into the phone. I'm grabbing a late lunch. Look, I'm having real trouble tying up this Gavin Harris deal. But I've got a kid here who's special. Very, very special. Yeah, I know. You said. Can you get me some video on the kid? Video. Are you crazy? Forget it, Barry. And I hope you choke on your late lunch. Glenn hung up and Barry was left holding the phone with no one to speak to. Aware that the three closest girls were watching. He smiled and shrugged. Bad connection. Thanks mainly to Santiago's inspirational goal and his all-around performance, the game ended in a one-all draw. The Americanitos lifted their game in the second half and almost stole the match when, close to the end, their starman thundered a shot against the goalposts. But a draw was a fair result. And as Santiago joined his grandmother and Julio at the touch line, he saw Glenn walking toward them. You played great, son. Santiago nodded his thanks. This is my grandmother and my brother. And you are the agent? Asked Mercedes quickly. No grandmother said Santiago. This man arranged for the agent to come. Glenn wasn't looking forward to the next bit, but they had to know. And I'm afraid he didn't. He let me down. Said it was business, the usual excuses. He saw Santiago's crest fallen look and felt worse than he already did about raising the lad's hopes. Mercedes was still optimistic. So he will come to the next game, yes? I'm afraid not. He's going back to England tomorrow and so am I. I'm really sorry Santiago. Santiago reached down and picked up his sports bag. I guess my old man is right. You dare to dream, but that's all it can ever be. A dream. Glenn was inside the house, perched on the arm of a chair in the family den. He was making a transatlantic phone call, waiting impatiently for the call to be answered. Glenn felt as though he had let Santiago down. In his own playing career, Glenn had never been a headline grabber. A genius who could bring a crowd to its feet with a flick or a run, or a stunning volley from outside the box. He was more a workhorse, tenacious, the Mr. Dependable who never gave up. And he wasn't going to give up now, not while there was still a chance. Slim, unlikely, but still a chance. The phone was answered at a sleepy voice muttered, Hello, Mr. Dornhelm, it's Glenn Foy. In Newcastle, Eric Dornhelm heard his wife sigh with irritation as his eyes cleared and focused on the digital clock. It read 332. Glenn, do I know you, Mr. Foy? I was your chief scout when you first took over. You fired me. Well, not exactly fired me. You wanted your own people. I understand that, and I don't hold it against you. You don't? So why are you calling me at 330 in the morning? Glenn smiled. At least he hadn't slammed the phone down. Not yet. I'm in California. I've seen a player here. I think he's a remarkable talent. And who does this remarkable talent play for? It's just local league, but the thing is, I'm on a plane back home tomorrow, and I need you to make me a promise. Dornhelm's wife turned over and hissed, Eric, as she pulled the duvet up over her head. Mr. Foy said, Dornhelm quietly. You're waking me up like this just so I can make you a promise? Yeah. If the lad turns up on your doorstep, will you see him? Give him a run out. That's all I'm asking. Dornhelm laughed quietly. That's all, eh? And if I make this promise, can I go back to sleep? Yeah. Of course you can, Mr. Dornhelm. Then yes, Mr. Foy. Good night. He hung up and Glenn smiled. Santiago and his family emerged from the church into the bright Sunday morning sunlight. The priest was standing by the door due to flea shaking hands with every member of his flock as they left after mass. As Santiago walked down the steps, he heard one short sharp burst on the horn of a Ford Explorer parked across the road. In the rear were the kids and Glenn's luggage, and the man himself was sitting in the passenger seat next to Val. He waved as Santiago saw him, got out of the car, and came hurrying across the road. I'm glad I caught you. I called your coach. He told me where to find you. The agent said Mercedes. He comes to see Santiago after all? Better than that, said Glenn. Santiago, if you can get yourself to England, Newcastle United will give you a trial. Santiago stared. Newcastle? Are you kidding me? Before Glenn could answer, Herman grabbed Santiago's arm and spoke to him in Spanish. What is all this? You really think you can go and play soccer in England? It's bullshit. He turned on Glenn and reverted to English. Why do you fill him with ideas like this? Who the hell do you think you are? He walked away while everyone else squirmed with embarrassment. Everyone but Mercedes, who turned to Glenn. He is supposed to fly halfway across the world on something you say? This is a big thing you ask of Santiago. I'm not asking him to do it. I'm saying he should do it. He's a special talent, and I hate to see special talent go to waste. The Newcastle manager has promised me that Santiago will get a trial. The rest is up to him. The explorers horn sounded again, and they looked over to see Val, anxiously pointing at her watch, and then beckoning Glenn to the vehicle. I'm gonna have to go or I'll miss my flight," said Glenn, reaching into a pocket and bringing out a card. He handed it to Santiago. That's got my home and business numbers on it. I hope I see you again, Santiago. I really hope so. Money. Cash. Dollars. As Santiago sat in his bedroom counting his savings that afternoon, he realized his father was right about one thing at least. The whole world revolved around dollars. The need for them, the quest for them, and in his case, the lack of them. He didn't have enough cash to get to England, but as he stuffed the bills back into the old sneaker, he made up his mind he would earn what he needed to make the trip. It would take a little time, but he'd do it. Until now Santiago had never quite known what he was saving for. It had just seemed like a good idea. Saving for something someday. Now he knew exactly why. He had a goal. He was going to England to Newcastle.