 K-121 Heidi, one On a mountain in the Swiss Alps, a girl named Heidi was living with her grandfather. Her parents had died when she was young. Her grandfather was thought of as a hermit by the people in the village, which was at the foot of the mountain. They were scared of him. Heidi's best friend was Peter, a young goat herder. Heidi liked to go with Peter and the goats up the mountain. When they reached the spot where Peter usually stopped for the day, Heidi would look out over the valley. She would look at the snow fields and the flowers swaying in the wind. Heidi would spend her days talking with Peter and playing with the goats. Heidi had learned all kinds of useful things from her grandfather, especially how to look after the goats. One spring day there was a visitor and De Té, who used to look after Heidi, wanted to take her to Frankfurt. A very rich family wanted a companion for their invalid daughter. Heidi's grandfather did not like the idea and told De Té to leave his hut. He was angry and stormed out of the hut. De Té quickly grabbed Heidi's hand, but Heidi said she wasn't going. Heidi take convinced her by saying she could come home if she didn't like it. And so they left. From that day forward, Heidi's grandfather looked fiercer than ever when he went into the village. Meanwhile in Frankfurt, a little girl called Clara was lying on her invalid chair. She spent all day on that chair because she could not walk. Her mother had died some years before and her father often worked away. It was the lady housekeeper, Ms. Rottenmeyer's job, to run the house and look after the little girl. Finally De Té and Heidi arrived. At dinner, Ms. Rottenmeyer began listing many rules of the house. While the lady was talking, Heidi fell asleep in her chair. Clara was very amused. When Heidi opened her eyes the next morning, she could not think where she was. She was sitting up in a high white bed. She dressed herself and tried to look outside. She could see nothing but walls and windows. After breakfast, Heidi told Clara about the goats, mountains and the sound of the fur trees that she loved to hear. Suddenly, Heidi jumped up and ran down to the front door. She thought she had heard the sound of fur trees, but there weren't any. The housekeeper was angry with Heidi because when she had jumped up, she had knocked the books and ink onto the floor. Each afternoon, Heidi would tell Clara many wonderful things about life on the mountain. Each time Heidi spoke about it, she would become more and more homesick. Some weeks later, when Heidi was alone, she decided she could not bear it any longer. When Heidi said she was going home, the housekeeper grew very angry. Heidi tried to explain, but the housekeeper would not listen. A few days later, Clara's father returned home. Ms. Rottenmeyer insisted that Heidi be sent home because her behavior was not suitable for their house. After dinner, he asked Clara if she was happy having Heidi there. Clara smiled and told her father everything. Clara's father left. So, you don't want me to send her home? He asked. Oh no! Replied Clara. Every day something fresh happens. Clara was not happy when her father left for work. However, in a few days, her grandmother came to stay, which made Clara feel better. Clara's grandmother was very kind and warm-hearted. In the afternoons, when Clara was resting, Heidi would spend time with Clara's grandmother. One day they were looking at books. There was a picture of a sheep herder in a green field.