 J. 121. The Prince and the Pauper. 1. Tom Canty was born in a poor part of London. His father, John Canty, was a thief. His mother was a beggar. His parents did not want him. On the day when he was born, Edward Tudor was also born. His father was Henry VIII, King of England. Tom lived on a dirty street. Many poor people were living in the same building. His clothes were rags. His twin sisters also wore rags, but they were kind. His mother was kind too. But his father and grandmother were cruel. They liked to get drunk and fight. John Canty made his children beg and beat them if they didn't get money. One of Tom's neighbors was the good old priest, Father Andrew, who had once worked for the King. He taught Tom Latin and how to read and write. He also taught the children good manners. Although he was poor, Tom was happy. He liked to dream that he was a prince. Tom wanted to wear beautiful clothes and live in a palace. Tom was ashamed of his dirty old clothes and so he started to pretend to be a prince. His speech and manners would change when he pretended to be a prince. His friends would sometimes join in his games. Often, they played as if they were his servants. One day, Tom found the King's palace. Men dressed in shining armor guarded the gates. He saw a boy dressed in beautiful clothes. The boy must be the prince, Tom thought. Watch your manners. Shouted a guard. He pushed Tom away, but the young prince told the guard to open the gates. Open the gates and let him in. Yeld the prince. Edward took Tom to his room in the palace. They ate a feast and talked to each other. The prince asked Tom if his father was kind to him. No, my father and grandmother beat me often, but my sisters and mother are very gentle. Tom said to the prince. Tom told the prince about the games he liked to play near his home. In summer, we swim in the river. We like to splash each other, dive and shout. Oh, I would be happy to lose all my money if I could have such fun. Cried the prince. Tell me more. We dance and sing. We play in the sand and make mud pies. Tom told the prince. The prince liked Tom's stories. He wanted to play outside of the palace. Let me dress in your clothes. Said the prince. I would like to dress in your clothes too. Then I can be a prince for a day. Said Tom. A few minutes later, Edward was dressed in rags and Tom was wearing silk robes. The two boys stood in front of a mirror. They looked like twins. The guard hit the prince as he ran through the gates. I am Prince Edward. I will hang you for hitting me. Said the prince. At night, the prince lost his way. His bare feet hurt after walking so far. He tried to find Tom's house. Tom's parents will take me back to my father, the king. The prince told himself. Suddenly, John Canty grabbed Edward by the neck. He was drunk and asked, how much money do you have for me? The king almost died. The king, John Canty, became an idiot in life. The king decided to bring a man to collect the horse nearby.