 N81, Thunderwith, 3. Lara hadn't minded at all. They usually read in the long summer twilight's after the dishes were done. That lie on Mom's double bed, leaving the trailer door open so that they could glimpse trees and the lake, and Mom would read to her for hours on end. The world beyond Eidel-Hawar's trailer park and lakeside public school that neither of them had ever dreamed of opened up to them. They traveled through forests and mountains in cities of the past and future to civilizations beyond earth. They'd found places with the weirdest of names. According to this one, Lara, Loth-Lorian, I can hardly pronounce it, but it's so, so beautiful this place. I think we should visit, don't you, after tea? And they'd wandered through them together. Lara even dreamed about them sometimes. And as heroes sought rings or maps or treasures, end out with triumphs or sudden mishaps, Lara and her Mom had laughed and cried together. And they'd talked about the stories when they finished reading. Talked and talked, the way they used to talk about the TV shows they no longer had time to watch. I guess that stranger who came into the village is going to be bad news for Will, don't you, Mom? Lara asked as she spread peanut butter thickly on her toast. Mmm, Mom agreed, jabbing her fried egg thoughtfully with a fork. Here's a real bad egg, Lara! They were sometimes still talking about stories when Mom dropped Lara at school. And afternoons, Mom would spend ages in the library, looking for the next book in the series and the next. Mrs. Robinson didn't say, I told you so. But she looked kind of pleased when Mom would say, can we borrow this stack for the weekend? And then the miracle of Lara's reading had taken place almost overnight. After years of struggling and fear and despair and tears, the jumbled mass of sticks and circles on the page that so often held no meaning for her, kaleidoscopeed together and suddenly it said something in her head. Lara could recall the exact day this happened. It was a Friday. The day her Mom and Mrs. Robinson drove to Newcastle where they were both doing a computer course. Lara had a new book from the library, but she simply couldn't wait for Mom to come home. She had flung herself on Mom's bed with a book in her hands. It wasn't until about page 20 that Lara realized what was happening. She'd never really read more than a few pages at a time and only when she had to, with an adult beside encouraging her as she stumbled over the words. And now she'd plunged head long into the story. Many pages had flown by and she hadn't even realized. Sure she'd skipped plenty of big words, but the story made sense and she was reading by herself. Hey, she cried out across the trailer to no one and to everyone. Hey, I can read. I'm reading. When Mom came in, rather tired as she always was after evening classes, there was no tea ready. Lara was waiting for her book in hand. Guess what, Mom? She'd shouted. Guess what? Then when she told her the news, Mom had dropped her folder to the floor in surprise. She'd grabbed Lara and they'd done an excited, awkward, wonderful dance around the tiny trailer. Both of them were shrieking and laughing and crying a bit too. I knew you could do it, Lara. Mom hugged her yet again. I knew it. Mrs. Robinson was right. She knows exactly what she's doing. We'll cook a special celebration cake for her in the morning. Then Mom had stuck her head out of the trailer door and yelled at the top of her voice. Lara's a very smart kid. My smart kid. Bonnie Sudevich, Mom's friend who lived a few trailers down, had yelled back, I know. And then came down to find out exactly why Lara was so smart this time. Bonnie had hugged Lara, but it was really Mrs. Robinson Lara was longing to see. At a day morning, they disturbed Albert in the vegetable garden at the back of the school principal's house. He'd rushed inside to call Mrs. Robinson who was out visiting. Come home! He'd said, as if it were the most urgent thing in the world. Lara riches here to tell you something very important. Mom said Lara's learning to read was a turning point in their lives. I thought I'd hate living in this trailer park, you know Lara? I hated leaving Melbourne. I hated leaving Sydney. But we've had the best time here. In next to no time you've learned to read properly. And now Mrs. Robinson is helping me get a better job. In about another year, we'll look for that house outside Newcastle and you can go to high school there. It's going to be alright. Amazing how things can change so quickly. Lara was glad to see her mother so happy, so enthused. Something good always turns up Lara, she told her daughter, you'd better believe it. And then the illness had turned up and for a few awful weeks mom was in turmoil. Mom had had come silently, voraciously, almost painlessly. Mom had had back aches for three or four days. When the X-rays came back the doctor suggested tests. When the test results came back, they mentioned the awful word she dreaded and yet insisted on hearing. They told her cancer. She told mom everything because she demanded everything. The X-rays, the reports, the whole story. Mom had read her medical reports as eagerly as she'd read the children's books and explained what she could to Lara. Now listen to me Lara. I'm not going to give up easily. There's a chance. Not much of one, but I'm going for it. I'm trying everything and I mean everything. It was so like mom to be enthusiastic. But just in case the old liver decides to pack it in, we're going to make special plans for you. They'd talked a lot in the following months about Lara's father, Larry Richie, or the man, as she called him.