 O61. A fish caught in time. Two. Enic was sent to fetch a small hand cart, which a member of the board lent the museum whenever they had to transport heavy items. When he returned, they heaved the fish onto the cart and started to push their peculiar load into town. My first thought was to take it to the mortuary. At that time, the mortuary was right down at the park. Marjorie recounts. So the two of us walked all the way there. It was very hot, and everyone was very annoyed because they had to get out of the way for us. They shouted, saying, why couldn't we walk on the street? Anyway, we got down to the hospital, and I went to see the man in charge of the mortuary, a tall man by the name of Evans. When I suggested that our fish could go into his mortuary, he drew himself up to his full six feet, and with his eyes almost popping out of his head. He looked down his nose and said, what an iniquitous request! Whatever is everybody going to say! I said, oh, well, they're all asleep, and it's such a beautiful fish. No, he said. No, he couldn't possibly put a fish into the mortuary. Well, that was that. She next tried the cold storage. There was a gentleman there by the name of Latimer, no relation of ours. He at least had the decency to come and look at the fish, but he also said no. He wasn't putting any stinking fish into the cold storage. I don't suppose he was wrong, because it could have been giving off gases, and there was food in the cold storage. So that was that with him, too. At the time, those were the only two refrigeration facilities, large enough to accommodate a five-foot, nine-stone fish. Marjorie began to feel despondent. She knew she had to find some way of saving it. Then I thought of old Mr. Robert Center, the taxidermist. He had known me since I was a little girl and had taught me taxidermy, and I was sure he would help me somehow. By now, I realized more than ever that I had something very, very strange. Those limb-like fins and the scales, all silvery and iridescent, it was so beautiful. They arrived at Mr. Centers, and Marjorie showed him her fish, and explained the difficulties she had experienced in trying to preserve it. She asked him whether he had ever seen a fish like it, and whether he had any idea what it could be. Mr. Center looked at it. By then it was afternoon, and the fish's color was fading to a dusky grey. No, he admitted, he had never seen a fish like that, and he had no idea at all what it could be. He told Marjorie to put it on the table in his workroom. If we could get some formalin, we could wrap it up and perhaps get someone from Rhodes University to identify it, he suggested. Marjorie agreed. I said, yes, I will get Dr. Smith, as he was then. She went to a chemist friend in search of formalin, with which to preserve the fish. It was at that time scarce, and only a few chemists kept stock for the hospital, so she was only able to get a little, about a leader, which she took back to Center. We diluted it, and we got daily dispatch papers, saturated them in the liquid, and then wrapped the fish up very carefully. We needed a sheet of some sort. We asked Mrs. Center, but she wasn't parting with this sheet, so I walked all the way home. There were no buses or anything, and I explained to mommy what was happening, and that I needed to wrap the fish in some cloth, so it wouldn't go off until I could get in touch with Dr. Smith. She gave me a double bed sheet. We took it, and wrapped the fish really beautifully, with all the formal and soaked daily dispatch pages inside. Dr. James Leonard Briarly Smith, a chemistry lecturer at Rhodes University in Graeme's Town, and amateuric theologist, acted as honorary curator of fishes for the smaller museums along the South Coast. Marjorie had first met him five years previously, on the coast, when she was busy collecting shells and unusual seaweeds for the museum. A spray man, almost drowned by his baggy shorts, with startling blue eyes, and a thick bristle of sandy hair, had come up to her, and asked what she was doing. She had explained that she worked at East London Museum, and so the friendship began. Smith often visited Marjorie at the museum, and helped her to classify unusual fishes. He was not, however, at Rhodes when she tried to telephone him on December 22, 1938. She left a message, but when he hadn't got back to her by the next day, she wrote to him, in closing a rough sketch of the fish. Daily, she waited for his reply. Nothing happened, nothing happened, nothing happened. She recalls. Christmas passed in a fishy blur. I began to feel very despondent. I couldn't think about anything but the fish. My family couldn't understand what was the matter, but I just knew deep in my bones that it was something important. Then Boxing Day, still no word. I checked the post every day, and waited for a phone call, but there was no word from Smith. It was a shimmering hot week. Every afternoon Marjorie used to go down to Mr. Center to check on the fish, and although it all looked intact, by December 27, oil had started seeping out. Center said he was worried that the loss of oil would begin to destroy the fish. Marjorie didn't want to risk it, so she gave him the go-ahead to skin it. Only not from the side as was normal practice in mounting fish in those days, but rather right down underneath the stomach, so as to save all the scales. It was a hard slow job. Center cut carefully through the thick scales. The flesh below was pure white, and could be worked like clay. It did not appear fibrous, nor like any fish flesh either of them had seen before. There were no ribs, and there was only a flexible tube where the spine should have been. As Center cut into it, pale yellow oil just poured out. Marjorie saved a whole bottle of the fine oil, which she set aside for JLB Smith, and the hard bony tongue, which she took home to examine. She told Mr. Center that if she had not heard from Dr. Smith by the next evening, he could dump the insides and continue with the mounting.