 N151, Watership Down, 3. Here they were stopped by a large, heavily built rabbit, one of the Auslaw. He had a curious, heavy growth of fur on the crown of his head, which gave him an odd appearance as though he were wearing a kind of cap. This had given him his name, the Lely, which means literally furhead, or, as we might say, big wig. Hazel said big wig, sniffing at him in the deep twilight among the tree roots. It is Hazel, isn't it? What are you doing here? And at this time of day he ignored Fiverr, who was waiting further down the run. We want to see the chief rabbit, said Hazel. It's important big wig. Can you help us? We, said big wig. Is he going to see him too? Yes, he must. Do trust me big wig. I don't usually come and talk like this, do I? When did I ever ask to see the chief rabbit before? Well, I'll do it for you, Hazel. Although I'll probably get my head bitten off. I'll tell him I know you're a sensible fellow. You ought to know you himself, of course, but he's getting old. Wait here, will you? Big wig went a little way down the run and stopped at the entrance to a large burrow. After speaking a few words that Hazel could not catch, he was evidently called inside. The two rabbits waited in silence, broken only by the continual nervous fidgeting of Fiverr. The chief rabbit's name and style was Thrirah, meaning Lord Rowan tree. For some reason he was always referred to as The Thrirah, perhaps because there happened to be only one Thrir, or Rowan, near the Warren from which he took his name. He had won his position not only by strength in his prime, but also by level-headedness, and a certain self-contained detachment, quite unlike the impulsive behavior of most rabbits. It was well known that he never let himself become excited by rumor or danger. He had coolly, some even said coldly, stood firm during the terrible onslaught of the mixomatosis, ruthlessly driving out every rabbit who seemed to be sickening. He had resisted all ideas of mass immigration and enforced complete isolation on the Warren, thereby almost certainly saving it from extinction. It was he too, who had once dealt with a particularly troublesome stote by leading it down among the fesent coops, and so at the risk of his own life onto a keeper's gun. He was now, as Bigwig said, getting old, but his wits were still clear enough. When Hazel and Fiverr were brought in, he greeted them politely. Ausla, like toadflax, might threaten and bully. The Thrirah had no need. Ah, walnut! It is walnut, isn't it? Hazel, said Hazel. Hazel, of course. How very nice of you to come and see me. I knew your mother well. And your friend? My brother. Your brother, said the Thrirah, with the faintest suggestion of, don't correct me anymore will you, in his voice. Do make yourselves comfortable. Have some lettuce? The chief rabbit's lettuce was stolen by the Ausla from a garden half a mile away across the fields. Outskirts seldom or never saw lettuce. Hazel took a small leaf and nibbled politely. Fiverr refused and sat blinking and twitching miserably. Now, how are things with you? Said the chief rabbit. Do tell me how I can help you. Well, sir, said Hazel rather hesitantly. It's because of my brother, Fiverr here. He can often tell when there's anything bad about, and I found him right again and again. He knew the flood was coming last autumn, and sometimes he can tell where a wire's been flat, and now he says he can sense a bad danger coming upon the Warren. A bad danger. Yes, I see. How very upsetting. Said the chief rabbit, looking anything but upset. Now, what sort of danger I wonder? He looked at Fiverr. I don't know, said Fiverr, but it's bad. It's so bad that it's very bad. He concluded miserably. The three are waited politely for a few moments, and then he said, Well, now, and what ought we to do about it? I wonder. Go away. All of us. Now, through our sir, we must all go away. The three are waited again. Then, in an extremely understanding voice, he said, Well, I never did. That's rather a tall order, isn't it? What do you think yourself? Well, sir, said Hazel. My brother doesn't really think about these feelings, he gets. He just has the feelings, if you see what I mean. I'm sure you're the right person to decide what we ought to do. Well, that's very nice of you to say that. I hope I am. But now, my dear fellows, let's just think about this a moment, shall we? Let's may, isn't it? Everyone's busy, and most of the rabbits are enjoying themselves. No yellow for miles, or so they tell me. No illness. Good weather. And you want me to tell the warn that young... Young... Your brother here has got a hunch, and we must all go trape scene across country to goodness knows where and risk the consequences. What do you think they'll say? All delighted, eh? They'd take it from you, said Fiverr suddenly. That's very nice of you, said the Thirra again. Well, perhaps they would, perhaps they would. But I should have to consider it very carefully indeed, a most serious step, of course. And then... But there's no time, Thirra sir. Blurred out Fiverr. I can feel the danger, like a wire around my neck. Like a wire. Hazel, help! He squealed and rolled over in the sand, kicking frantically as a rabbit does in a snare. Hazel held him down with both forepaws, and he grew quieter. I'm awfully sorry, chief rabbit, said Hazel. He gets like this sometimes. He'll be alright in a minute. What a shame! What a shame! Poor fellow! Perhaps he ought to go home and rest. Yes, you'd better take him along now. Well, it's really been extremely good of you to come and see me, while not? I appreciate it very much indeed. And I shall think over all you've said most carefully. You can be quite sure of that. Big wig! Just wait a moment, will you? As Hazel and Fiverr made their way to jetedly down the run outside the Thirra's burrow, they could just hear from inside the chief rabbit's voice assuming a rather sharper note. Serious burst with an occasional... Yes, sir. No, sir. Big wig, as he had predicted, was getting his head bit north.