 L-131. Around the world in 80 days, 4. The next morning, Mr. Fogg, the soldiers, and the rescued passengers returned. Passpart 2 was safe. Philius Fogg was now 20 hours behind schedule, but Detective Fix helped him by finding a sledge with sales. It could transport them to Omaha. From there, they could take a train to New York. At 11.15pm, on December 11th, the train arrived in New York, but it was too late. Philius Fogg had missed the steamer by three-quarters of an hour. His only comment was, we will discuss what is best tomorrow. The next day, Mr. Fogg found a vessel that would take him in the direction he wanted to go in. Philius Fogg disembarked at Liverpool Key in England at 11.40am on December 21st. It was at this very moment that Fix arrested Mr. Fogg. Passpart 2 would have attacked Fix had he not been held back by some policemen. Mr. Fogg was locked up in prison in the custom house. His arrest was a fatal blow to him. Mr. Fogg sat down calmly and waited. At 2.33pm, he heard a noise outside, then a hasty opening of doors. He could hear the voices of Passpart 2 and Fix. Philius Fogg's eyes brightened for an instant. The door swung open and he saw Passpart 2, Aoda and Fix, hurrying toward him. Philius Fogg was free. The real robber had already been caught. Mr. Fogg, Aoda and Passpart 2 left the custom house without delay. Philius Fogg then ordered a special train and finally set out toward London. When they stepped down from the train at the London terminal, all the clocks were striking ten minutes to nine at night. Mr. Fogg was five minutes late. Mr. Fogg had lost the bet. He was ruined because of the stupid mistake made by Detective Fix. Mr. Fogg went home to bed. Only a few pounds were left of the large sum of money he had taken around the world. His remaining fortune was now owed to his friends at the Gentleman's Club. When Philius Fogg woke up the next morning, he believed it was Sunday, December 22nd. That evening, Philius Fogg sat down near the fireplace opposite Aoda. He sat for several minutes without speaking. He then said, Aoda, please forgive me for bringing you to England. When I decided to take you away from that unsafe situation, I was rich. Your life would be free and happy if I had won my bet. But now I am ruined. Mr. Fogg said Aoda, rising and grabbing his hand. Will you have me for your wife? Mr. Fogg shut his eyes for an instant. When he opened them again, he simply said, I love you and I am entirely yours. He then called Passpart 2. Is it too late to notify the local clergyman of our wedding? Mr. Fogg asked Passpart 2. Passpart 2 smiled and said, it is never too late. Will it be for tomorrow, Monday? Yes, replied Aoda. Passpart 2 hurried off as fast as his legs could carry him. Meanwhile, everyone at the Gentleman's Club had been waiting anxiously. One more minute said one of the men. They started counting the seconds. At the fifty-fifth second, they heard a loud cry and applause from the crowd outside. The men rose from their seats. The door opened and there stood Philius Fogg. In his usual calm voice, he said, here I am, Gentleman. Yes, Philius Fogg was there in person. How is this possible when we had just been reading that on Sunday evening Mr. Fogg had decided to get married? When Passpart 2 had gone to the local clergyman's house, he had found out that the next day was not Monday. It was, in fact, Sunday. Yes, that's right. Today was actually Saturday, December 21st. Mr. Fogg had made a mistake in his travel calculations. He had actually arrived one day ahead of schedule. When Passpart 2 realized they had made a mistake, he rushed home. He told Mr. Fogg that they had arrived a day early and still had ten minutes left to win the bet. Passpart 2 then dragged his master outside to the nearest cab. The clock showed that it was 8.45 pm when Mr. Fogg appeared at the Gentleman's club. Philius Fogg had won the bet. He had made his journey around the world in 80 days.