 L51, the ABCs of Courage 1. It is nearing dusk. The man has finished his day's labor. He is a plumber, and today he was working at a construction site, and his shift has ended. Now he is sitting in the dining room of Mrs. Patricia Lorde in Cicero, Illinois. Mrs. Lorde and the man are bending over a list of words. Can you try these now, Mrs. Lorde says? Yes, the man says. He looks at the top word on the list. The word is is. Is the man says? Yes, Mrs. Lorde says. The next word on the list is brown. The man looks at it for a moment. Then he says, brown. Yes, Mrs. Lorde says. The next word is, the. The, the man says, touching the word with his hand. Yes, Mrs. Lorde says. The next word is, sleep. The man hesitates. Seconds pass. He is having trouble with this one. Finally, he says, play. No, Mrs. Lorde says. Look at it again. The man stares. He says nothing. Then he says, I don't know what it is. All right, Mrs. Lorde says softly. Skip it and come back to it later. The man is fifty-five years old. He is trying to learn how to read. He is a large man, balding and wearing thick glasses. He bears a resemblance to the actor Ernest Borgnine. His plumbers work clothes, denim overalls, a flannel shirt, are still on. Today, as he does twice a week, he has driven straight from work to Mrs. Lorde's house. His hands are dirty from his day's labor. As he points to the words on the spelling list, you can see that he has not had time to stop and clean up. He has been coming to Mrs. Lorde's house for just over a year. The next word on the list is down. Down the man says with confidence in his voice. That's right, Mrs. Lorde says. Very good. The man, we will not name him here because he has asked us not to, never learned to read as a child. His mother was sick and his father was an alcoholic. The boy did not do well in school, and at the age of twelve he dropped out and began to work. Sometimes his mother would try to teach him something. His father, if he had been drinking, would say, what the hell are you bothering to teach him for? He don't know nothing. The man went through most of his life hiding his secret. He learned to be a plumber. He married and started a family. He concealed his inability to read even from his wife and children. His wife did all the paperwork around the house, read all the mail, handled all the correspondence. A year and a half ago, the man lost a job because he could not read. The company he was working for required each employee to take a written test about safety procedures. The man knew the rules, but could not read the questions. The company allowed him to take the test over, but he didn't have a chance. He couldn't admit the real problem. Out of work, he felt panic. He heard that a local community college was offering a nighttime course in reading improvement. He enrolled. But as early as the first evening, he realized that the course was meant for people who at least knew the basics of reading. After a few sessions, he approached the teacher after class. I know you can't read the teacher said to him. If you'd like to keep coming just to see what you can pick up, it's alright. Instead, the man went to a dime store and bought a book called Reading Fun for 93 cents. The book was designed for pre-school age children. On the pages of the book were simple, colorful pictures of ambulances and taxis and trucks followed by the proper word for each picture. He looked at the pages and tried to teach himself. He couldn't. Finally, he sat down with his wife. You know when I lost my job, he said, and he told her he couldn't read. Time went by. On television, he heard a public service announcement about private tutoring offered by the literacy volunteers of Chicago. He called up and explained about himself. The person on the other end of the line said that there were no suitable volunteers available at the moment. The man left his name. Four months later, while he was out of the house, the literacy organization called. When the man arrived back at home, his wife said she had some news for him. As a teacher for you, his wife said, her name is Pat.