 J61 Ocean Animals The ocean provides a home for many different animals. It covers almost 70% of the Earth's surface. Some species live in specific areas, while others travel. There are many animals in the ocean that have been around for millions of years. Let's find out about some interesting animals that call the ocean their home. Penguins Penguins are actually birds. They have a black body with a white front. Some people say they look as if they are wearing a tuxedo. Their legs are short, and when they walk, they look funny. Although penguins are birds, they cannot fly through the air. However, they are said to fly through water. This is because of the way the penguins' body and wings move. This movement and the shape of their body allow them to travel through water very fast. It is believed that the ancestors of the penguin were around 65 million years ago. These days there are about 17 different species of penguins. Penguins cannot breathe under the water. They can hold their breath for a long time, but jump up out of the water when they need to breathe. Like us, penguins also need to drink water to survive. Unlike us, penguins can drink sea water. Their bodies can filter out the salt and turn it into fresh water. Dolphins and whales Dolphins and whales have always interested human beings. There are many different species. They are similar to us in several ways. Yes, that's right. They have warm blood like us, breathe air like us, and give birth to live babies. That is, they don't lay eggs as penguins do. The blue whale is not only the biggest species of whale, but it is the biggest animal in the world. It is thought that a blue whale is even bigger than dinosaurs were. They can grow up to 30 meters long and weigh up to 150 tons. That is about as heavy as 30 elephants. Both dolphins and whales have a hole on the top of their heads. This is called a blowhole. They push out air through the blowhole as they breathe. Some species have two blowholes, while others have one. Can you guess how dolphins and whales find things when they are under the water? They use something called an ecosystem. Sometimes water can be dark or muddy, or objects and food can be too far away for them to see well. So, dolphins and whales make sounds that travel through water and bounce off objects or animals around them. These objects and animals give different echo sounds. How do they sleep? Dolphins and whales must breathe, or they will drown. They cannot go into a deep sleep while under the water. Instead, they have a kind of rest time. During this time, half of the brain shuts down. The other half stays active, so it can tell when to go to the surface and breathe. There are so many amazing animals in the ocean. The next time you are at the beach, at an aquarium, or watching a program on TV about the ocean, look carefully. These animals are very interesting. I hope you have fun in the future learning more about them.