 L81 Gandhi won Mohandis Gandhi is often regarded as the father of modern India, but his philosophy has also influenced the world. He was born in 1869 in poor Bandar in the western part of India. His parents were Hindu and Gandhi was raised to believe that he should not hurt any living being. Gandhi was a vegetarian from an early age. He also used to fast to purify himself. In India, the social status of a Hindu depends on the caste he or she is born into. Even though Gandhi was of a middle caste, he was always kind to those who were of a lower caste than him. He also accepted people of different religions. Gandhi got married at the age of 13, but this was common at that time in India. Even though Gandhi was married, he continued with his education. Gandhi was a very average student. In fact, he only just managed to get into Salma Das College, but found his studies difficult and so was not happy. Gandhi did not stay there for long because his family wanted him to become a lawyer, so that he would be able to hold a high position in the region. He was overjoyed when he was offered the chance to study law at a university in England. Gandhi regarded England as a land of philosophers and poets, the very center of civilization. At that time, Britain ruled many countries in Asia and Africa, as well as other parts of the world. The British considered India the ultimate jewel in their empire because of its especially rich culture and history. Gandhi was eager to leave his country, and so at the age of 19 he went to London to train as a lawyer. Before Gandhi left India, his mother made him promise that he would follow the rules of the Hindu religion and not eat meat or drink alcohol. Gandhi kept his promise to his mother. He also read up on vegetarianism and found that he agreed with its principles. Gandhi enjoyed life in England. After qualifying as a lawyer in England, Gandhi returned to India in 1891. He tried to set up his own business as a lawyer in Bombay, but at that time it was a very competitive profession in India. Gandhi was also quite shy in court. He decided to get a job as a teacher in a high school, but he was turned down and so Gandhi returned home to Rajkot. He worked for a time helping people with their legal problems, but he had to close his business after he had some trouble with a British officer. Soon after this incident, Gandhi accepted an offer to work for an Indian company based in South Africa. It was his experiences in South Africa that would set him on a new course in his life. Gandhi was a quiet man. He was not very interested in politics, but living in South Africa changed him. India was also a British colony at that time. The British and the Dutch colonizers who lived there were a minority, but they ruled over the Black Africans. The white people did not treat the other people the same as themselves. Many people, including Indians, suffered discrimination. A major turning point in Gandhi's life came at the age of 23. Gandhi was thrown off a train because he refused to move to the third-class cabin. He was sitting in the first-class cabin where only white people were allowed to sit. Gandhi could not accept prejudice. Gandhi started to ask himself how he could change the situation. He formed a political organization and made it clear that Indians were not happy with discrimination. Gandhi chose non-violent protest as his method to oppose the British. Peaceful protest was something that Gandhi became famous for. Even though Gandhi was among those beaten up and thrown into jail by the South African government many times, the government eventually agreed to treat Indians better. Gandhi also showed his loyalty to the British by supporting them against the Dutch colonizers in the Bar War.