 M91, the Pyramids of Giza. Two. One of the main passages is known as the Grand Gallery. It is a large stone tunnel that leads to the King's Chamber. A descending passage leads to the Underground Chamber. There is also a passage that leads downward from the entrance of the Grand Gallery. When it was first discovered in the 17th century, it was blocked by a lot of debris. The debris was finally cleaned out in the 19th century, which showed it was connected to the descending passage. Some experts say that the Pyramid was never meant to be used as a tomb. They think that the structure was meant to serve as a place from which to look at the stars at night. Most archaeologists, however, agreed that the great Pyramid of Giza was the largest of all the tombs ever built for a pharaoh. During Egypt's Old Kingdom, the Egyptians had a good government. The Pyramids were a symbol of their power and religious beliefs. Ancient Egyptians believed that when the pharaoh died, he became the king of the dead, so he had to be buried in a way that would keep him happy in the afterlife. They also believed that it was important to take good care of the pharaoh's dead body. If they did not, then the dead pharaoh would be unable to carry out his duties properly as king of the dead. It was believed that Egypt would suffer a terrible disaster if this happened. In order to stop any disaster from happening, all dead pharaohs had their bodies made into mummies and then placed in a tomb. Everything a pharaoh would need in the afterlife was also placed in the tomb. This would include things made of clay, stone, and gold. They even placed things such as furniture, food, and figures of the pharaoh's servants inside the tomb. There is still a great mystery surrounding the great Pyramid and the king's treasures. Some experts believe that King Kufu's mummy and treasures were stolen. There are other experts though who do not believe thieves were ever able to get into the great Pyramid. One question still remains. Where are Kufu's mummy and treasures? Nobody knows where these are. Some people believe that they are still buried somewhere inside the great Pyramid. People are still searching. With the help of modern technology, specially designed robots are being used to look in places that humans cannot. New stone blocks which are thought to be like doors have been found. Discoveries like this keep the theories alive that there are areas inside the great Pyramid still to be found. Many different kinds of people were involved in the construction of the Pyramids. Some think that the Pyramids were built by slaves, but this has been proven to be wrong. The Pyramid builders were neither slaves nor foreigners. Archaeologists have found skeletons that show that the Pyramid builders were Egyptians. Some of them were permanent employees of the pharaoh, but others only worked for a limited time. Some are also thought to have been women. No drawings of women builders have been found, but female skeletons were. They show that the women worked with heavy items such as stones. The people building the Pyramids lived in nearby villages that were quite sophisticated. In these ancient villages there were bakeries, butcher shops, storage buildings for grain and cemeteries. There were even shops where drinks like beer and wine were made. Bakeries found near the Pyramids may have once produced thousands of loaves of bread every week. It is also thought that there was some sort of medical care available because there is evidence of workers surviving serious injuries. There is even ancient graffiti. The graffiti, for example, Friends of Kufu, suggests that workers were proud of their work and named their teams. The graffiti was written in hieroglyphics, which was a unique writing system used in ancient Egypt. It used pictures to represent particular sounds or objects that were very common at that time. Experts have learned how to read many of these pictures, and so they were able to find out the meaning of the graffiti. Modern theories estimate as many as 30,000 workers were used to build the three main pyramids of Giza over a period of approximately 80 years. It is also thought that most of the work took place while the Nile River was flooded. Huge stone blocks could then have been floated from quarries upriver right to the actual base of the pyramids. However, recent discoveries of quarries near the pyramids have made some researchers think the quarries were not miles upriver. It took much more than physical labor to build the great pyramid and other pyramids in Egypt. It took a lot of intelligence, too. It is thought that ancient architects managed to build perfect pyramid shapes by putting ropes at each corner and then pulling the ropes up to form a point. Every single person from the poorest worker to the high priests knew their place in the order of things. They also understood that continuing the life and death cycle of the pharaohs was good luck for Egypt. Many theories about the origins of the pyramids of Giza have emerged over time. The most widely accepted theory among experts is that the ancient Egyptians built their own monuments. One of the stronger theories to challenge this is that the pyramids were built by a long-lost civilization. It is thought that this civilization was destroyed by some enormous disaster around 10,000 BC. Those who doubt that the ancient Egyptians had the technical knowledge and ability to build the pyramids raise some interesting points. They point out that there is nothing in Egypt that shows how the ancient Egyptians could have developed such amazing skills that allowed them to build the pyramids of Giza. Some also say that the pyramids built after those of Giza were not as good. This perhaps will remain one of the biggest puzzles of the pyramids for many more years. The pyramids of Giza continue to attract many experts, archaeologists and tourists. Perhaps one day someone will be able to find out the truth.