 J1 Legend of Britain There are many mysteries in Britain. Some of these mysteries have been famous for thousands of years. Stories about giants, witches and fairies are very old stories. Such old stories are known as legends. One famous legend is about a monster that lives in a lake. The name of the lake is Loch Ness. The monster in this lake is very famous. Can you guess the name of the monster? Her name is Nessie. People named her after the lake, Loch Ness. Many people come to Loch Ness to look for Nessie, but very few of them get to see her. There is a popular story about a man who frightened Nessie. Many hundreds of years ago an old man was traveling in Scotland. His name was St. Columba. He was a very good man. One day St. Columba decided to meet with a king. The king's castle was near the lake where Nessie lived. As St. Columba crossed the bridge, he saw a crowd of people. Many people were crying. They were holding a funeral for one of their friends. Our friend was killed by the monster, a man said. The monster is very scary, the people told St. Columba. An old woman said, my husband was eaten by the monster. Another man said, the monster bit off my friend's leg. St. Columba heard this and felt sorry for the people. He decided to help them. I'll teach that bad monster a lesson, he said. He ordered his friend, Lugne, to swim across the lake. Lugne, swim and bring me the boat. I must talk to this monster, said St. Columba. Lugne jumped into the water with his clothes on. He started swimming across the lake. He had almost reached the wooden boat when he heard a growl. Gerr, the monster cried. Then, Nessie's stomach made a low noise because she was hungry. Lugne tried to swim quietly, but Nessie heard him splashing. Oh, Nessie thought, there is someone swimming. I wonder if this human will taste good. Let me go and see. The monster swam after the man. Wow, this man is fat, he must taste sweet. Lugne was frightened. He started to swim as fast as he could. He had to escape the monster. Suddenly, Nessie growled loudly. She jumped on top of the poor man. Lugne was in the middle of the lake. Let me help me please, Lugne screamed. All the people standing by the lake watched. Lugne disappeared under the water. Oh, no, the monster will eat him, cried a woman. He must be dead, said a man. But then Lugne swam to the top of the water. How terrible another woman cried. The monster will kill him. St. Columba raised his hand. Stop, you bad monster, he ordered. You will never injure anyone again. Nessie was frightened of St. Columba. These days she is very shy, but sometimes people see her in lockness. Scientists are searching the lake. One day they hope to find Nessie.