 071. A fish caught in time. Three. There was no word. We waited and waited every day for a letter from Dr. Smith. It was terrible, really. The new year passed and we were still waiting. 11 days had passed since Marjorie Courtney Latimer had sent her letter and sketch to JLB Smith, yet she had still received no response. The letter in fact had been forwarded from Rhodes University in Graimstown to Nazna, 350 miles along the coast from East London, where JLB Smith and his wife Margaret were spending the holidays. Christmas and then New Year had delayed its passage. JLB was a slight man with a weak constitution. When a friend brought around the post on January 3rd, 1939, he was still weak from a recent illness. Among the letters he recognized Marjorie's handwriting. He opened the letter and read her description of the fish. He turned to the next page and saw the sketch. I stared and stared at first in puzzlement. He wrote in old four legs his account of the Silacanth story. I did not know any fish of our own or indeed of any seas like that. It looked more like a lizard. And then a bomb seemed to burst in my brain and beyond that sketch and the paper of the letter. I was looking at a series of fishy creatures that flashed up as on a screen. Fish is no longer here. Fish is that had lived in dim past ages gone and of which only fragmentary remains in rocks are known. He told himself not to be a fool, but the more he looked at the sketch, at the tail, the limb like fins and large scales. The more convinced he became of its close resemblance to a fossil he had seen of a fish thought to have been extinct for seventy million years. What I suspected was so utterly preposterous that my common sense kept up a steady fire of scorn for my idiocy and even thinking of it. He wrote. It was a remarkable feat of mental agility. Smith had apparently taken a rough sketch by someone who was not a skilled artist of a five foot fish found in the Indian Ocean of Southern Africa and connected it with a fossil, a little over twelve inches long and two hundred million years old, which had been discovered in freshwater in Greenland and which he had read about in a scientific journal. Margaret Smith was astounded by her husband's strange behavior. He was standing up, staring at the letter in complete silence. Finally, he turned to her and said, I know you'll think I'm crazy, but they have found a fish at East London of a type generally thought to have been extinct for many millions of years. I did think he had a touch of this sun, but nine months of marriage to this brilliant older man had taught me much and instead of blurting out my incredulity, I asked quietly, what makes you make a statement like that? You see that tail, he said. No living fish has a tail like that. She took the letter from him and pointed out the date. It had been written nearly two weeks earlier. JLB immediately started to worry. He knew of the East London Museum's simple facilities and feared the worst. He sent Marjorie a telegram. Most important, preserve skeleton and gills. Fish described. Smith knew he had to see the creature in order to confirm his suspicions, but for some inexplicable reason he didn't immediately set out for East London. In old forelegs, he claims he was tied up with marking University of South Africa exam papers and could not responsibly leave the task. He also feared that it might not be the incredible and extraordinary discovery he hoped for. The same day as he received Marjorie's letter, he wrote a longer reply, again urging her to save the fish's soft parts and confiding his suspicions as to its provenance. From your drawing and description, the fish resembles forms which have been extinct for many a long year, but I am very anxious to see it before committing myself. Meanwhile, guard it carefully and don't risk sending it away. He spent the rest of the day and night until the post office opened the next day and he could try to telephone her in a feverish state with the sketch churning around and around in his brain. In East London, Marjorie had almost given up hope of hearing from Smith. When eventually she got the wire, urging her to save the viscera, it was too late. Thirteen days had passed since the fish had first come to her and the taxidermist Mr. Centre had long ago destroyed its internal organs and tissues. By mounting it, however, he had managed to save the internal skeleton and the skin which by this time had been turned brown by the formalin. When Smith managed to reach Marjorie on the telephone the next day, he stressed the importance of the innards and sent her off to the municipal dump to try to recover them. Or Marjorie had no luck. The rubbish of East London was dumped in the ocean. Smith spent the succeeding weeks in a state of turmoil. The more he read, the more he became convinced that the creature was a seal-acanth. He always thought of it with a capital C, an ancient fish whose origins date back 400 million years. His confidence was strengthened by a long-held conviction that he was destined to discover some quite outrageous creature. This was so firmly fixed in my mind that just as my peculiar set of circumstances and qualifications had set the stage ready for the appearance of the seal-acanth. So in one sense had this premonition prepared me to deal with such a fantastic possibility, as had now arisen, and indeed, even while my common sense rejected it, to seek for it in an obviously impressionistic sketch by someone not an ecthiologist. J.L.B. Smith was experienced enough to know the importance of the discovery. It would be the greatest zoological find of this century. If, however, he announced it as such and was found to be wrong, he would be the laughing stock of the world's scientific community. Until he could get to East London, he would not know for sure. Those were awful days, and the nights were even worse, he recorded. I was tortured by doubts and fears. What was the use of that infernal premonition of mine if it was just going to make a scientific fool of myself? 50 million years! It was preposterous that seal-acanth had been alive all that time, unknown to modern man. It is now believed that the fossil record died out as long as 70 million years ago, at the time of the last great extinction.