 051. A fish caught in time. 1. December in East London is hot and humid. An ochre haze smothers the small South African city. Even the ocean breeze does little to dispel the seasonal lethargy. The year is 1938. Gone with the wind is soon to open in America and Hitler is menacing Central Europe. But on the southern tip of Africa, three days before Christmas, most people's minds are on the approaching holidays. Offices are beginning to close. Families are drifting home to put the finishing touches to their festive arrangements. At the East London Museum, the thoughts of the young curator Marjorie Courtney Latimer were far from the upcoming festivities. A small woman with unruly dark hair and lively black eyes. She was surrounded by bones, racing to complete the assembly of a rare fossil dinosaur she and a friend had excavated in Tarkestad. At quarter to ten in the morning, a shrill ringing echoed through the two small rooms of the tiny museum, shattering the young woman's concentration. The telephone had been installed only two days previously. Mr. Jackson, manager of the Irvin and Johnson troller fleet, informed her that Captain Hendrick Goosen had just arrived at the docks. There is a ton and a half of sharks for you on the troller Nareini, he said. Are you interested? Marjorie was tempted to say no. She wanted desperately to complete the fossil display before the museum closed for the holidays, and she already had a load of fish specimens from Captain Goosen's last voyage waiting to be mounted. But I thought of how good everyone at Irvin and Johnson had been to me, and it being so near to Christmas, I thought the least I could do would be to go down to the docks to wish them the compliments of the season. She grabbed a grain sack and called her native assistant, Enek, and together they caught a taxi to the wharf. I went in to see Mr. Jackson, she recalls 60 years later, and as I was going out, he said, well, I don't think it's quite a ton and a half of sharks, but a happy Christmas to you. They used to torment the life out of me. She hitched up her cotton dress and climbed on to the 115 foot Nareini. The crew had all gone ashore except for an old Scotsman who told her that the specimens were on the Focussoldeck. She looked at the pile of fish, sharks, seaweed, starfish, sponges, rat tail fishes, all kinds of things. She told the Scotsman she probably would not be taking anything, nevertheless she sorted them out carefully. It was then that she noticed a blue fin sticking up from beneath the pile. I picked away the layers of slime to reveal the most beautiful fish I had ever seen. She recounts, it was five feet long, a pale, movie blue with faint flecks of whitish spots. It had an iridescent silver, blue, green sheen all over. It was covered in hard scales and it had four limb-like fins and a strange little puppy dog tail. It was such a beautiful fish, more like a big China ornament, but I didn't know what it was. Yes, miss, it's a strange one. The old Scotsman said, I have been trawling for over thirty years, but I have never seen it's like. It snapped at the captain's fingers as he looked at it in the troll net. We thought you would be interested. He told her that it had been trawled at a depth of forty fathoms off the mouth of the Kalamna River, and that when Captain Gooseon first saw it, he thought it's so beautiful that he wanted to set it free. Marjorie said she would definitely take this one back to the museum. She and Enek eased the large fish, it weighed 127 pounds into the sack and carried it to the taxi. The driver was horrified. I refused to take any stinking fish in my new taxi, he exclaimed. Marjorie replied, it is not stinking, it is perfectly fresh, and if that is the case, I will get another taxi. I brought you here to collect fish for the museum. He relented and they carefully lowered the fish into the boot of the car. I was confused, she relates. I had certainly never seen anything like it before, yet there was a voice nagging in my head. I kept on thinking back to school where I had written lines about a ganoid fish. I had a teacher, sister Camilla, whose father was a paleontologist at Uppsala University in Sweden, and he used to teach his daughter about marine paleontology, and so she was always teaching us about fish. And on this day I wasn't paying attention, and she turned to me and said, you little Latimer, what's a fossil fish? And you little Latimer didn't know because she hadn't been listening. You little Latimer will write 25 lines. A ganoid fish is a fossil fish. A ganoid fish is a fossil fish. And you little Latimer wrote it out 25 times. I've still got the book, and so back at the museum as I stared at the strange scales on the fish, which indicated that it was a ganoid fish. Those lines kept going around in my head. A ganoid fish is a fossil fish. In other words, a fish that has long since become extinct and is known only from fossil records. The scales, the four limbs all pointed towards it being a ganoid fish. I was so near to classifying it as a ganoid fish. But I thought it couldn't be a fossil fish because it was alive. I didn't think it could be, but I just knew it was something valuable. She searched through K.H. Barnard's a monograph on the marine fishes of South Africa, and any other fishbooks she could lay her hands on. But could find nothing resembling the strange and beautiful specimen lying on the museum table. That it was something unique and primitive. She could easily tell by its curious structure, its headplates, and fin formation. She noted the extraordinary absence of blood, or any slimy discharge from its mouth, nose, or body. She took measurements and made rough sketches of the fish. At noon, the chairman of the museum, Dr. Bruce Bayes, dropped by and Marjorie showed him her exciting new fish. He was a doctor of medicine, a very sarcastic gentleman. He used to call me Mistress Madge. Mistress Madge, it's nothing but a rock card, he said. You're making such a fuss about it, but it's nothing but a rock card. All your geese are swans. Many people would have given up at this point and consigned the unidentified fish to the pre-Christmas rubbish dump. But Marjorie was convinced she had something special and was determined to preserve the fish until she could get someone to identify it.