 O-21 of Human Bondage, one. At the beginning of August, Philip passed his surgery, his last examination, and received his diploma. It was seven years since he had entered St. Luke's Hospital. He was nearly thirty. He walked down the stairs of the Royal College of Surgeons with the role in his hand, which qualified him to practice, and his heart beat with satisfaction. Now, I'm really going to begin life, he thought. Next day, he went to the Secretary's office to put his name down for one of the hospital appointments. The secretary was a pleasant little man with a black beard, whom Philip had always found very affable. He congratulated him on his success, and then said, I suppose you wouldn't like to do a locom for a month on the South Coast? Three guinea's a week with bored and lodging. I wouldn't mind, said Philip. It's at Farnley in Dorschtshire, Dr. South. You'd have to go down at once. His assistant has developed mums. I believe it's a very pleasant place. There was something in the secretary's manner that puzzled Philip. It was a little doubtful. What's the crab in it? He asked. The secretary hesitated a moment and laughed in a conciliating fashion. Well, the fact is, I understand he's rather a crusty, funny old fellow. The agencies won't send him any one anymore. He speaks his mind very openly, and men don't like it. But do you think he'll be satisfied with a man who's only just qualified? After all, I have no experience. He ought to be glad to get you, said the secretary diplomatically. Philip thought for a moment. He had nothing to do for the next few weeks, and he was glad of the chance to earn a bit of money. He could put it aside for the holiday in Spain, which he had promised himself when he had finished his appointment at St. Luke's, or if they would not give him anything there at some other hospital. All right, I'll go. The only thing is, you must go this afternoon. Will that suit you? If so, I'll send a wire at once. Philip would have liked a few days to himself, but he had seen the Atholines the night before, he had gone at once to take them his good news, and there was really no reason why he should not start immediately. He had little luggage to pack. Soon after seven that evening he got out of the station at Farnley and took a cab to Dr. South's. It was a broad, low, stucco house with a Virginia creeper growing over it. He was shown into the consulting room, and old man was riding at a desk. He looked up as the maid ushered Philip in. He did not get up, and he did not speak. He merely stared at Philip. Philip was taken aback. I think you're expecting me, he said. The secretary of St. Luke's wired to you this morning. I kept dinner back for half an hour. Do you want to wash? I do, said Philip. Dr. South amused him by his odd manner. He got up now, and Philip saw that he was a man of middle height, thin, with white hair cut very short, and a long mouth closed so tightly that he seemed to have no lips at all. He was clean-shaven but for small white whiskers, and they increased the squareness of face, which his firm jaw gave him. He wore a brown tweed suit and a white stock. His clothes hung loosely about him as though they had been made for a much larger man. He looked like a respectable farmer of the middle of the 19th century. He opened the door. There is the dining room, he said, pointing to the door opposite. Your bedroom is the first door you come to when you get on the landing. Come downstairs when you're ready. During dinner, Philip knew that Dr. South was examining him, but he spoke little, and Philip felt that he did not want to hear his assistant talk. When were you qualified? He asked suddenly. Yesterday. Were you at a university? No. Last year when my assistant took a holiday, they sent me a varsity man. I told him not to do it again. Too damn gentlemanly for me. There was another pause. The dinner was very simple and very good. Philip preserved a sedate exterior, but in his heart he was bubbling over with excitement. He was immensely elated at being engaged as a locom. It made him feel extremely grown up. He had an insane desire to laugh at nothing in particular. The more he thought of his professional dignity, the more he was inclined to chuckle. But Dr. South broke suddenly into his thoughts. How old are you? Getting on for thirty. How is it you're only just qualified? I didn't go in for the medical until I was nearly twenty-three, and I had to give it up for two years in the middle. Why? Poverty. Dr. South gave him an odd look and relapsed into silence. At the end of dinner he got up from the table. Do you know what sort of practice this is? No, answered Philip. Mostly fishermen and their families. I have the Union and the Seamons Hospital. I used to be alone here, but since they tried to make this into a fashionable seaside resort, a man is set up on the cliff, and the well-to-do people go to him. I only have those who can't afford to pay for a doctor at all. Philip saw that the rivalry was a sore point with the old man. "'You know that I have no experience,' said Philip. You none of you know anything.' He walked out of the room without another word and left Philip by himself. When the maid came in to clear a way, she told Philip that Dr. South saw patients from six till seven. Work for that night was over. He soon discovered why Dr. South's assistance found it difficult to get on with him. In the first place he set his face firmly against all the discoveries of the last thirty years. He had no patients with the drugs which became modish, were thought to work marvelous cures, and in a few years were discarded. He had stocked mixtures which he had brought from St. Luke's, where he had been a student and had used all his life. He found them just as efficacious as anything that had come into fashion since.