 M21, the toothpaste millionaire. Two. What flavor is in that big plastic pan, I asked? You've got enough of that kind to frost 27 cakes. That's no kind yet, Rufa said. That's just 79 cents worth of the stuff that goes in the paste. I didn't want to flavor it till I figured out the best taste. What does it taste like plain, I asked? Well, Rufa said. Mostly you taste the by-carb. By-carb, I said. You mean all this stuff I've been tasting has got by-carb in it of soda in it? Rufa's grand. Yeah, he said. It's probably good for your stomach as well as your teeth. Know what I did when I got home that night? I mixed up some by-carb in it of soda in water. It wasn't that I was feeling sick. It was just that Rufa gave me this inspiration. What I did was to add a few drops of vanilla and a little sugar to the by-carb water. And you know what? It tasted something like cream soda. You'd never know you were drinking by-carb. And I like cream soda even better than 7 up. I forgot to mention another nice thing about Rufa's. The afternoon Rufa's let me sample his first batch of toothpaste. He was trying to figure out how many tubes of toothpaste it would make. We looked at a medium sized tube of toothpaste. You must have enough for 10 tubes in that plastic bowl, I guessed. More I bet, Rufa said. Why don't you squeeze the toothpaste in the tube into a measuring cup and then measure the stuff in the bowl? I suggested. That would be a waste of toothpaste. Rufa said. We couldn't get it back in the tube. Rufa's hates to waste anything. I have a better idea, he said. I'll pack into a square pan the toothpaste I made. Then I can figure out how many cubic inches of toothpaste we have and you can figure out how many cubic inches of toothpaste are in the tube. With the tube is round Rufa's, I said. I can't measure cubic inches unless something is cube shaped. Rufa's thought a minute. Maybe we can squeeze the tube into a cube shape, he said. I thought that was brilliant, but then I had another idea. Rufa's, I said. It says on the tube that it contains three and a quarter ounces of toothpaste. Why couldn't we just weigh your paste and divide by three and a quarter to see how many tubes it would make? Hey, we could. Rufa said. You are smart, Kate. I'm always doing things the hard way. That's what is really so nice about Rufa's. It's not just that he gets great ideas like making toothpaste, but if you have a good idea, he says so. I was pleased that I had thought of a simpler way of measuring the toothpaste, but I told Rufa's. I wish I was smart enough even to think of a hard way of doing something. I never would have thought of measuring toothpaste in cubic inches. Sadly because I never can remember exactly how to figure cubic inches. And I certainly wouldn't have thought of making a round tube cube shaped, would you? Anyway, it turned out Rufa's had made about 40 tubes of toothpaste for 79 cents. Before I finished breakfast the next morning, there was a knock on the door. It was Rufa's. He was very excited. Kate, he said. Do you know what the population of the United States is? No, I said. I never know things like that. My father looked up from his paper. According to the most recent census, over 200 million. He said to Rufa, my father always knows things like that. You're right, Rufa said. And by now it must be even bigger. Probably my father said. The growing population is a very serious matter. Have you thought much about that problem, Rufa? Not yet, Mr. McKinstree. Rufa said. At the moment I was thinking mainly about toothpaste. I was thinking that everybody in the United States probably uses about one tube of toothpaste a month. Probably my father said. And if they do, Rufa said, how many tubes of toothpaste are sold in a year? My father thought for a second. A flea, two and a half billion tubes. Right, Rufa said. I hate people who can multiply in their heads. Except that my father and Rufa are two of the people I like best in the world. How do you explain that? I really don't like math at all. Even when I have a paper and pencil and all the time in the world to figure something out. And at the same time I look forward every day to Mr. Conti's math class. And how do you explain that? Since that's the class where I'm always getting in trouble. For example, the same day my father brought up the population explosion, there's Mr. Conti and math class saying. Kate McKinstree. Would you please bring me that note? Well, it isn't exactly a note, Mr. Conti. I see. Says Mr. Conti. I suppose it's another math problem. It looks like a math problem, Mr. Conti. The message from Rufa said Mr. Conti got to read that day. If there are two and a half billion tubes of toothpaste sold in the US in one year and one out of ten people switched to a new brand, how many tubes of the new brand would they be buying? The right answer is 250 million. It took the class a while to figure that out. Some people have trouble remembering how many zeros there are in a billion. Then there was a second part to the note. If the inventor of the new toothpaste made a profit of one cent a tube on his toothpaste, what would his profit be at the end of a year? And it turns out that the inventor of this new toothpaste would make 2.5 million dollars in profit. Well, that's how Rufa's toothpaste business started. With Rufa's figuring out that if he sold the toothpaste for only a penny more than it cost him to make, it cost him about 2 cents a tube, that he'd soon have millions of customers. He had to start in a small way, of course. When he started his business, Rufa's packed the toothpaste in baby food jars. A baby food jar holds about as much as a big tube, and the jars didn't cost him anything.