 J81. The wonderful Wizard of Oz, too. The lion didn't know why he was such a coward. Dorothy told the lion about their journey, and what each of them wanted to ask the great Wizard of Oz. Do you think the great Oz could give me courage? Ask the cowardly lion. Everyone thought it was possible, so the lion joined them on their journey. That afternoon, at the end of the Yellow Brick Road, they saw an emerald gate. Dorothy rang the bell and the big gates swung open. The guardian of the gates asked what they wanted. Dorothy and her friends told him that they wanted to meet the great Wizard of Oz. The guardian of the gates was surprised, but opened the next gate. Everything in the emerald city was a beautiful, shining green. The palace of Oz was in the middle of the city. A soldier was standing in front of the door. He told them to step inside and wait. He took their message to the great Oz. They waited a long time before the soldier returned. He said, You may come in. The great Oz has agreed to see you, but only one at a time. Dorothy went in first. A very big green marble chair was in the middle of the room. An enormous head that had no body was on the chair. In a strange voice, it said, I am the great Wizard of Oz. Who are you? And why do you seek me? Dorothy explained that she wanted him to help her get home to Kansas. Before I grant you your wish, said the great Oz. You must kill the wicked witch of the West. Dorothy told her friends what the great Oz had said. Each day, for the next three days, the scarecrow, the tin woodman, and the lion had their chance to meet with the great Oz. They were all told they had to help Dorothy kill the witch before their wishes would be granted. The next morning, they walked toward the setting sun in the West. They knew that no one had been able to destroy the wicked witch of the West before. The wicked witch of the West, with her powerful telescope eye, saw Dorothy and her friends. The witch was very angry to find them in her country. She sent the winkeys to attack, but the lions roar scared them. Then she used the golden cap to call the winged monkeys. She ordered them to save the lion, but destroy the others. The winged monkeys dropped the tin woodman over rocks and pulled out all of the scarecrow straw. Then they picked up the lion and flew to the witch's castle. Dorothy had the mark of the good witch on her forehead, so they took her to the castle. Poor Dorothy became the wicked witch's slave. The witch wanted the power of Dorothy's silver shoes. She used magic to make Dorothy fall over. Then she grabbed one of Dorothy's silver shoes. Give me back my shoe! Dorothy said angrily. I will not, said the witch. Dorothy was angry, so she picked up a bucket of water and threw it over the witch. The witch gave a loud cry and began to melt. Water was the one thing that could kill the wicked witch of the west.