 N61. Thunderwith. One. Lara ran out of the neat little house by the school when at last she heard the sound of the motor. She'd been waiting over three quarters of an hour now, unable to settle down. Her bags packed ready in the hall. She recognized the driver of the battered four wheel drive at once. It was her father. She was sure. He jumped out of the car. Lara, it is Lara, isn't it? She stood silently, leaning on the veranda post, regarding the man she did not know at all, and yet knew so well from the few old photographs her mother had kept. He hesitated a moment. It is you, Lara. She nodded. Well, it's me then, he said unnecessarily. It's your father. I know. When he hugged her to him, she couldn't respond for a storm of tears was inside her, and her mother seemed so close now. He smelled exactly as she'd imagined, of the bush of fire and wood and sweat, and also faintly of tobacco. She wished she could hug him back, but she drew away when Mrs. Robinson pushed open the wire screen door and greeted him. Mr. Richie, she said warmly. Larry Richie, he said, awkward now. Call me, Larry, please. Lara has been more or less ready since the crack of dawn. She moved all her things into the hall about an hour ago. She was expecting you from noon on. She smiled, and then, putting an arm around Lara's thin shoulders said, we're glad we finally found you, aren't we, Lara? Lara found it difficult to know just what to say. Here they were in the hot sun on the veranda of the school principal's house. Her long-lost father, this tall, angular man with his piercing blue eyes, and her beloved teacher. Both of them standing and looking at her and expecting a reply of some kind. But she could only stare dumbly at this total stranger, who was nevertheless her only family now, her father. Mrs. Robinson had spared no effort to find Larry Richie, a stranger for more than 11 years to Lara. All the while during her mother's illness, there had been the specter of the home for Lara, if her father could not be traced. Mrs. Robinson had been as firm and as positive as mom. We're getting closer all the time to finding him. I'm sure of it. They'll find the man. Her mother had told Lara over and over during those last few weeks of her illness. No child of mine will go to any home. I know Larry will come for you, Lara. And he had. But too late for Cheryl Richie, Lara's mother to know. She died unaware that Mrs. Robinson had tracked Larry and his new family to a remote farm north of Newcastle, just beyond the Bula Dela Mountains in the Wallingat Forest. Cheryl Richie was never to know that only a few hundred kilometers separated, idle hours trailer park, from Larry Richie, the man in the crumpled photographs. Well, let's not stand around here all day. I believe Albert has the kettle on. We'll have a cup of tea before you're on your way. It was Mrs. Robinson who interrupted the prolonged silence. Larry seemed ill at ease inside the house, though both Marjorie and Albert Robinson spoke warmly. Bit of a job tracking you down, mate. Albert said, handing him a steaming mug of tea and one for Lara too. We heard you'd settled in Queensland. We did for a while, Larry said. But gladwin, that's the wife. Well, she couldn't take the heat up there. Lara saw the colors surge into his tanned face when he mentioned the word wife, and she glanced away, embarrassed for him and for her mom, who once long ago had been the wife. Larry's first wife. You see, we had this offer of a bit of land over the back of the Bula Della mountains on the forest road. A couple of hundred acres, so we came there to live for a while and see if we liked it. The wife had her fourth there, young Jasper. He blushed again as he mentioned the unknown family, but then looked straight at Marjorie and said, and now thanks to you, we have Lara too. There was that open, friendly smile again for Lara. She decided then in there that the man, as mom had always called him, was a really nice man. The minute they'd pulled out of the driveway of the Lakeside School Principles House, Marjorie and Albert Robinson waving furiously, all awkwardness seemed to slip away. Lara found herself talking a great deal as they headed north towards the city of Newcastle and beyond. To the turn off her dad had told her about the small town of Bula Della that would lead finally to the forest road and her new home. The man seemed to like to listen. He asked just the right questions, made just the right responses, so that she found herself recounting the last few months in great detail. She found herself telling him things she didn't think she'd tell anyone. She told him of the night her mother had said they would not have much longer together. She told him of her mother's concern for her daughter. The unsparing efforts she'd made to find Larry before the illness became too dreadful and laid her low, her energy completely sapped. She told him of her mother's cheerfulness and bravery right up until the last. Of how just a few days before she'd died, they'd been laughing together in the hospital at some joke or other. Just like Cheryl, Larry said quietly. Mom said that her going would be a new beginning for me. She said it lots of times. But I can't help it. It feels like the end to me. Lara told her father. She was right, you know, kiddo. This is all new. He said, you'll have a brand new family, Lara, a baby brother and three little sisters and a new mom. I'm not pretending it'll be easy, but it's a fresh start. And if we all try hard, it's bound to work out okay. She liked the way he spoke so quietly and cheerfully. Perhaps mom was right. It would be a new beginning with a man. If only mom had been here to share it.