 O 151, the Invisible Man, 4. Cus, the General Practitioner, was devoured by curiosity. The bandages excited his professional interest. The report of the thousand and one bottles aroused his jealous regard. All through April and May he coveted an opportunity of talking to the stranger. And at last, towards Wittsentide, he could stand it no longer. But he'd upon the subscription list for a village nurse as an excuse. He was surprised to find that Mr. Hall did not know his guest's name. He'd given name, said Mrs. Hall, an assertion which was quite unfounded. But I didn't rightly hear it. She thought it seemed so silly not to know the man's name. Cus wrapped at the parlor door and entered. There was a fairly audible implication from within. Part in my intrusion, said Cus. And then the door closed and cut Mrs. Hall off from the rest of the conversation. She could hear the murmur of voices for the next ten minutes. Then a cry of surprise, a stirring of feet, a chair flung aside, a bark of laughter, quick steps to the door and Cus appeared, his face white, his eyes staring over his shoulder. He left the door open behind him, and without looking at her, strode across the hall and went down the steps, and she heard his feet hurrying along the road. He carried his hat in his hand. She stood behind the door looking at the open door of the parlor. Then she heard the stranger laughing quietly, and then his footsteps came across the room. She could not see his face where she stood. The parlor door slammed, and the place was silent again. Cus went straight up the village to bunting the vicar. Am I mad? Cus began abruptly as he entered the shabby little study. Do I look like an insane person? What's happened? said the vicar, putting the ammonite on the loose sheets of his forthcoming sermon. That chap at the inn! Well, give me something to drink. Said Cus, and he sat down. When his nerves had been steady by a glass of cheap sherry, the only drink the good vicar had available, he told him of the interview he had just had. Went in, he gasped, and began to demand a subscription for that nurse fund. He'd stuck his hands in his pockets as I came in, and he sat down lumpily in his chair. Sniffed. I told him I'd heard he took an interest in scientific things. He said yes, sniffed again, kept on sniffing all the time, evidently recently caught an inferno cold. No wonder, wrapped up like that. I developed the nurse idea, and all the while kept my eyes open. Bottles, chemicals, everywhere. Balance, test tubes and stands, and a smell of evening primrose. Would he subscribe? Said he'd consider it. Asked him point blank, was he researching? Said he was. A long research? Got quite cross. A damnable long research. Said he, blowing the cork out, so to speak. Oh, said I. And out came the grievance. The man was just on the boil, and my question boiled him over. He had been given a prescription, most valuable prescription. What for? He wouldn't say. Was it medical? Damn you! What are you fishing after? I apologized, dignified sniff and cough. He resumed. He'd read it. Five ingredients. Put it down, turned his head. Draft of air from window lifted the paper. Swish, rustle. He was working in a room with an open fireplace, he said. Saw flicker. And there was the prescription burning and lifting chimney word. Rush towards it just as it whisked up chimney. So, just at that point to illustrate his story, out came his arm. Well? No hand. Just an empty sleeve. Lord, I thought, that's a deformity. Got a cork arm, I suppose, and has taken it off. Then, I thought, there's something odd in that. What the devil keeps that sleeve up and open if there's nothing in it. There was nothing in it, I tell you. Nothing down it. Right down to the joint. I could see right down it to the elbow, and there was a glimmer of light shining through a tear of the cloth. Good God, I said. Then he stopped. Stared at me with those blue goggles of his, and then at his sleeve. Well, that's all. He never said a word. Just glared and put his sleeve back in his pocket quickly. I was saying, said he, that there was the prescription burning wasn't I. Interrogative cough. How the devil said I, can you move an empty sleeve like that? Empty sleeve? Yes, said I, an empty sleeve. It's an empty sleeve, is it? You saw, it was an empty sleeve? He stood up right away. I stood up too. He came towards me in three very slow steps, and stood quite close. Sniffed venomously. I didn't flinch, though I'm hanged if that bandaged knob of his and those blinkers aren't enough to unnerve anyone, coming quietly up to you. You said it was an empty sleeve? He said. Certainly, I said. Then very quietly he pulled his sleeve out of his pocket again, and raised his arm towards me as though he would show it to me again. He did it very, very slowly. I looked at it, seemed an age. Well, said I, clearing my throat, there's nothing in it. Had to say something, I was beginning to feel frightened. I could see right down it. He extended it straight towards me. Slowly, slowly, just like that, until the cough was six inches from my face. Queer thing to see an empty sleeve come at you like that, and then... Well, something exactly like a finger and thumb it felt, nipped my nose, bunting began to laugh. There wasn't anything there! He said, Coss, his voice running up into a shriek at the there. It's all very well for you to laugh, but I tell you I was so startled. I hit his cuff hard and turned round and cut out of the room. I left him. Coss stopped. There was no mistaking the sincerity of his panic. He turned round in a helpless way and took a second glass of the excellent vickers very inferior sherry. When I hit his cuff, said Coss, I tell you it felt exactly like hitting an arm, and there wasn't an arm. There wasn't the ghost of an arm. Mr. Bunting thought it over. He looked suspiciously at Coss. It's a most remarkable story, he said. He looked very wise and grave indeed. It's really said Mr. Bunting with judicial emphasis. A most remarkable story.