 O 111, Benjamin Button III. In 1880, Benjamin Button was twenty years old, and he signalyzed his birthday by going to work for his father in Roger Button and Co. wholesale hardware. It was in that same year that he began going out socially, that is, his father insisted on taking him to several fashionable dances. Roger Button was now fifty, and he and his son were more and more companionable. In fact, since Benjamin had ceased to dye his hair, which was still grayish, they appeared about the same age and could have passed for brothers. One night in August, they got into the faten, attired in their full dress suits, and drove out to a dance at the Shevlon's country house, situated just outside of Baltimore. It was a gorgeous evening. A full moon drenched the road to the lustrous color of platinum, and late blooming harvest flowers breathed into the motionless air, aromas that were like low, half-hired laughter. The open country, carpeted for rods around with bright wheat, was translucent as in the day. It was almost impossible not to be affected by the sheer beauty of the sky. There is a great future in the dry goods business, Roger Button was saying, he was not a spiritual man. His aesthetic sense was rudimentary. Old fellows like me can't learn new tricks, he observed profoundly. It's you youngsters with energy and vitality that have the great future before you. More up the road the lights of the Shevlon's country house drifted into view, and presently there was a sign sound that crept persistently toward them. It might have been the fine plain to violence or the rustle of the silver wheat under the moon. They pulled up behind a handsome broom whose passengers were disembarking at the door. A lady got out, then an elderly gentleman, then another young lady, beautiful as sin. Benjamin started, and almost chemical change seemed to dissolve and recompose the very elements of his body. A rigor passed over him. Blood rose into his cheeks, his forehead, and there was a steady thumping in his ears. It was first love. The girl was slender and frail, with hair that was ash in under the moon, and honey-colored under the sputtering gas lamps of the porch. Over her shoulders was thrown a Spanish montilla of softest yellow, butterfly in black. Her feet were glittering buttons at the hem of her bustled dress. Roger button leaned over to his son. That he said, is young Hildegard Moncreef, the daughter of General Moncreef. They approached a group of which Miss Moncreef was the center. Reared in the old tradition, she curtsied low before Benjamin. Yes, he might have a dance. He thanked her and walked away, staggered away. The interval until the time for his turn should arrive dragged itself out interminably. He stood close to the wall, silent, inscrutable, watching with murderous eyes the young bloods of Baltimore, as they eddyed around Hildegard Moncreef, passionate admiration in their faces. How obnoxious they seemed to Benjamin. How intolerably rosy! Their curling brown whiskers aroused in him a feeling equivalent to indigestion. But when his own time came, and he drifted with her out upon the changing floor to the music of the latest waltz from Paris, his jealousies and anxieties melted from him like a mantle of snow. Blind with enchantment, he felt that life was just beginning. When, six months later, the engagement of Miss Hildegard Moncreef to Mr. Benjamin button was made known. I say, made known, for General Moncreef declared he would rather fall upon his sword than announce it. The excitement in Baltimore society reached a feverish pitch. The almost forgotten story of Benjamin's birth was remembered and sent out upon the winds of scandal in picker-esque and incredible forms. The Sunday supplements of the New York Papers played up the case with fascinating sketches, which showed the head of Benjamin button attached to a fish, to a snake, and finally to a body of solid brass. He became known journalistically as the mystery man of Maryland. But the true story, as is usually the case, had a very small circulation. In vain, Mr. Roger Button published his son's birth certificate in large type in the Baltimore blaze. No one believed it. You had only to look at Benjamin and see. On the part of the two people most concerned, there was no wavering. So many of the stories about her fiancee were false that Hildegard refused stubbornly to believe even the true one. In vain, General Moncreef pointed out to her the high mortality among men of fifty, or at least among men who looked fifty. When he told her of the instability of the wholesale hardware business, Hildegard had chosen to marry for mellowness, and Mary she did. In one particular, at least, the friends of Hildegard Moncreef were mistaken. The wholesale hardware business prospered amazingly. In the fifteen years between Benjamin Button's marriage in 1880 and his father's retirement in 1895, the family fortune was doubled, and this was due largely to the younger member of the firm. Needless to say, Baltimore eventually received the couple to its bosom. Even old General Moncreef became reconciled to his son-in-law when Benjamin gave him the money to bring out his history of the Civil War in twenty volumes, which had been refused by nine prominent publishers. In Benjamin himself, fifteen years had wrought many changes. It seemed to him that the blood flowed with new vigor through his veins. It began to be a pleasure to rise in the morning, to walk with an active step along the busy sunny street, to work untiringly with his shipments of hammers and his cargoes of nails. It was in 1890 that he executed his famous business coup. He brought up the suggestion that all nails used in nailing up the boxes in which nails are shipped are the property of the shipy. A proposal which became a statute was approved by Chief Justice Fossil and saved Roger Button and Company wholesale hardware more than 600 nails every year. In addition, Benjamin discovered that he was becoming more and more attracted by the gay side of life. It was typical of his growing enthusiasm for pleasure that he was the first man in the city of Baltimore to own and run an automobile. Meeting him on the street, his contemporaries would stare invisually at the picture he made of health and vitality. He seems to grow younger every year, they would remark, and if old Roger Button, now sixty-five years old, had failed at first to give a proper welcome to his son, he atoned at last by bestowing on him what amounted to adulation.