 J-101. History of Chocolate Chocolate has a history going back more than 1,500 years. The Mayans who lived in Central America love chocolate. The Mayans worship the cacao tree. Fruit pods grow on the cacao tree. The cacao beans are inside these pods. The Mayans picked cacao beans and made drinking chocolate from them. The Mayans believed that cacao beans were the food of the gods. Mayan legends said that cacao beans came from paradise. They believed that drinking chocolate made people clever. After the cacao beans were prepared in a special way, they were dried in the sun. At this stage of the process, you could smell cocoa. Coco is the name for drinking chocolate. The Aztecs who lived in Central America liked to drink cocoa. Both the Aztecs and the Mayans added spices which made it taste bitter and spicy. The Aztecs thought highly of cacao beans, which were used like money. People used to pay taxes to the emperors in cacao beans. When the Spanish attacked Mexico in the 16th century, they were surprised to see that the great Aztec emperor did not keep gold or silver in his palace. Instead, Emperor Montezuma kept cacao beans in his palace. The emperor made his favorite drink from the beans, which were his treasure. Montezuma drank about 50 cups of chocolate every day. The Spanish took cacao beans back to Europe. They mixed the beans with vanilla and sugar so that the chocolate drink did not taste so spicy and bitter. The Spanish opened up factories in Spain so that they could make their own chocolate. They also kept cacao beans a secret for almost 100 years. In 1579, English pirates tried to take control of a Spanish ship. The pirates thought that the ship had lots of treasure on it. They were angry to find only dried sheep's droppings on the ship. But the pirates could not find any gold or silver that they wanted on the ship. The pirates burned the whole ship. They did not know that the sheep's droppings were really cacao beans. At that time cacao beans were worth their weight in silver. If the pirates had known that, they would not have destroyed the ship. An Italian traveler found out the secret of chocolate in 1606. He introduced it to other countries in Europe. Drinking chocolate became popular in many European countries. But drinking chocolate was very expensive, so only rich people could afford to drink it. For a long time, chocolate was considered a drink, mostly for men. Later, in the 17th century, children started to drink it. Chocolate became very fashionable. The first chocolate cakes were served in chocolate houses in 1674. Today, chocolate is eaten by many people around the world. It is a multi-billion dollar industry. Countries like Belgium and Switzerland are famous for their chocolate. The Swiss people eat chocolate more than any other people in the world. But the next time you eat chocolate, remember that really you should thank the ancient Mayans. They gave the food of the gods to the whole world so that everyone could enjoy it too.