 J 161 New York 2 The Empire State Building has 102 floors and 6,500 windows. This building is a symbol of New York and has starred in about 100 movies. Thousands of tourists who visit New York like to go to the top floor of the Empire State Building. Looking down from the top floor, you will enjoy a view of the city and of the Hudson River. Another very famous place in New York is the Statue of Liberty. France gave the statue to the United States in the late 19th century as a present and to show friendship between the two countries. As a symbol of freedom, this statue has also starred in many movies. A very popular place to go to in the summer is Central Park. People come here to walk and enjoy the gardens. Some people enjoy picnics. You can see people enjoying music, young people having fun on their roller skates or riding bicycles. The first park, which was the first landscaped park in the United States, is very big. Inside the park, there are several lakes, ice skating rinks and a lot of areas for sports activities. Birdwatchers like to come to the park to see many kinds of birds. There are also many sculptures in the park. The oldest sculpture is Cleopatra's Needle. It is an ancient obelisk and was given as a present to the United States by Egypt. You can even find a castle in Central Park. It is called Belvedere Castle. Belvedere means beautiful view in Italian. And from the castle, you get a wonderful view of Central Park and New York. The castle was designed in the late 1800s. Today, the castle is used as a center for nature lovers. It is a great place to visit to learn about nature and to explore Central Park. Lincoln's center is close to Central Park. Here, people come to see ballet, opera and other performances. Parents often bring their children here to see famous ballet performances. The nutcracker is one popular ballet for children to see. Carnegie Hall is another famous building where people like to listen to music. Some tourists also like to walk or drive over the Brooklyn Bridge. It is one of the oldest suspension bridges in the United States. It took 14 years to build the Brooklyn Bridge. The bridge, which opened in 1883, spans the East River. It joins the island of Manhattan to Brooklyn. A fascinating area in Manhattan is Chinatown. It is the largest Chinatown in the United States. There are hundreds of restaurants here serving delicious Chinese food. There are also many shops that sell Chinese medicines and all sorts of interesting souvenirs. This is just one unique area that makes up life in the Big Apple. Little Italy is another neighborhood of Manhattan where many Italians live and work. Chinatown and Little Italy are just two areas of New York with their own special culture. In New York, people from all over the world live together. It is an international city.