 N-101, Leonardo da Vinci, one. Leonardo da Vinci is famous for having been one of the most creative people who ever lived. He is best known as the painter of masterpieces like the Mona Lisa and the Last Supper. However, Leonardo was not only a great artist. He was also an accomplished architect, engineer, scientist, and inventor. In addition to his paintings, he left behind many notebooks filled with detailed illustrations and notes he made throughout his life. They cover subjects as varied as geology, anatomy, aerodynamics, and architecture. It is truly amazing to see the diversity and brilliance of this man's talents. Leonardo lived during the Renaissance, a period when the arts and sciences flourished in Europe. He was born on April 15th, 1452, in a small town near Florence in Italy. His parents were not married at the time of his birth. Leonardo was first raised by his mother, but at the age of five he went to live with his father's wealthy family. Among his many interests as a young boy, he especially loved nature and showed a talent for drawing. It is said that he spent much of his childhood exploring the woods and streams around his home, making sketches of animals and plants. When he was a teenager, Leonardo moved with his family to Florence, a major intellectual and cultural center. Impressed by his son's exceptional artistic talent, Leonardo's father decided that he should study under a master. Leonardo was apprenticed to the city's most successful sculptor and painter, Andrea del Virochio. He proceeded to learn the basic skills required of an artist, such as drawing, painting, and sculpting. Virochio's commissions ranged widely from large projects like church paintings and commemorative statues to smaller items like furniture and musical instruments. As an apprentice in such a busy workshop, Leonardo had the opportunity to learn metalwork, plaster casting, mechanics, and other useful skills. At the age of 20, Leonardo was accepted into the painter's guild of Florence. Although this meant that he could now work as a painter in his own right, he chose to remain in Virochio's workshop as an assistant for another five years. During this period, from 1472 to 1477, Leonardo is thought to have contributed to several paintings that were officially attributed to Virochio. In fact, it was quite common for a Renaissance master to make the overall plan and sketches for a major commission and leave the details to others. He would then add the finishing touches, sign it, and receive all the recognition for the work. What is remarkable, however, is that Leonardo's contributions show that he was already developing his own distinct style, rather than attempting to copy that of his master. One legend about these two artists has been handed down to us by Giorgio Vassotti, a 16th century Italian painter and architect. In his famous book on the Lives of Renaissance Artists, Vassotti claimed that Leonardo was responsible for one of the angels in a painting by Virochio called the Baptism of Christ. Upon seeing this exquisite angel, the master was apparently so upset that he put down his paintbrush and never painted again. Although Vassotti may have exaggerated a little, this work certainly appears to show signs of Leonardo's involvement. The angel and some of the background stand out from the rest of this painting, being the only parts for which oil paints were used instead of the traditional medium of tempera. It is known that Leonardo had been teaching himself how to paint in oils, a medium that had just been introduced to Italy from Northern Europe. Oils allow a more subtle use of color than tempera and create a softer effect. The angel in question has flowing hair and a sweet delicate expression, similar to later angels painted by Leonardo. Furthermore, recent studies have revealed that Virochio's original sketch underneath it was completely different. The first large painting commission of Leonardo's career was the adoration of the Magi for the monastery of San Donato Ascopeto. Since he moved to Milan soon afterward, the painting was never finished. Nevertheless, it is considered to be a highly innovative work of religious art. The Virgin and Child are positioned in the center of the painting, surrounded by different kinds of people whose emotions are portrayed through a variety of poses, gestures, and expressions. Pictured far over to the right is a young shepherd boy that may be a self-portrait, as artists of that period often included themselves somewhere in their works. The adoration of the Magi is also known as a pioneering example of a painting technique that uses highlights and shadows to achieve a sense of volume in three-dimensional objects. It has been said that Leonardo helped bring this technique to its full potential. The unfinished painting is now displayed in the Ufizi Gallery in Florence. For various reasons, Leonardo became dissatisfied with life in Florence and decided to seek employment elsewhere. In order to work on large projects, artists in the 15th century needed the support of rich, powerful patrons. Leonardo sought the patronage of Ludovico Sforza, the Duke of Milan, knowing that Ludovico was concerned about the defiance of his city. Leonardo wrote him a letter in which he emphasized his talents as an engineer, capable of designing ingenious weapons, vehicles, and machines for military purposes. He added that, in times of peace, he could execute commissions as a painter, sculptor, and architect. Shortly afterward, he successfully entered the service of the Duke and set up a workshop with apprentices of his own. Over the next 17 years in Milan, Leonardo was engaged to work on many projects, not all of which were military projects. For example, he decorated some rooms in the Duke's palace and even devised a system for supplying and heating the water for the Duchess's bath. One of Leonardo's most challenging projects was the creation of a grand monument to commemorate Ludovico's father. After working on it for over a decade, he finally completed an impressive clay model of a rider on a horse. It is believed to have stood more than 7 meters high. A great deal of bronze was required to cast the statue according to his plan. In the end, however, the statue was not built because the Duke decided to use the bronze to make weapons. Since the clay model was destroyed by the French after their invasion of Milan, the only evidence left of this legendary sculptural project today is an assortment of sketches in Leonardo's notebooks.