 O41 of Human Bondage 3. They sat for a while staring at one another, then Dr. South surprised Philippic streamly. Why don't you stay here, and I'll get rid of that damned fool with his mumps? It's very kind of you, but I hope to get an appointment at the hospital in the autumn. So help me so much and get another work later. I'm offering you a partnership, said Dr. South Grumpley. Why? Asked Philipp with surprise. They seemed to like you down here. I didn't think that was a fact which altogether met with your approval. Philipp said dryly. Do you suppose that after forty years practice I care a too penny damn whether people prefer my assistant to me? No, my friend. There's no sentiment between my patients and me. I don't expect gratitude from them. I expect them to pay my fees. Well, what'd you say to it? Philipp made no reply, not because he was thinking over the proposal, but because he was astonished. It was evidently very unusual for someone to offer a partnership to a newly qualified man, and he realized with wonder that although nothing would induce him to say so, Dr. South had taken a fancy to him. He thought how amused the secretary at St. Luke's would be when he told him. The practice brings in about seven hundred a year. We can reckon out how much your share would be worth, and you can pay me off by degrees. And when I die you can succeed me. I think that's better than knocking about hospitals for two or three years, and then taking assistantships until you can afford to set up for yourself. Philipp knew it was a chance that most people in his profession would jump at. The profession was overcrowded, and half the men he knew would be thankful to accept the certainty of even so modest a competence as that. I'm awfully sorry, but I can't, he said. It means giving up everything I've aimed at for years. In one way and another I've had a roughish time, but I always had that one hope before me to get qualified so that I might travel, and now when I wake in the morning my bones simply ache to get off. I don't mind where particularly, but just away to places I've never been to. Now the goal seemed very near. He would have finished his appointment at St. Luke's by the middle of the following year, and then he would go to Spain. He could afford to spend several months there, rambling up and down the land which stood to him for romance. After that he would get a ship and go to the east. Life was before him, and time of no account. He could wander for years if he chose in unfrequented places amid strange peoples where life was led in strange ways. He did not know what he sought, or what his journeys would bring him, but he had a feeling that he would learn something new about life, and gained some clue to the mystery that he had solved only to find more mysterious. And even if he found nothing, he would alay the unrest which nod at his heart. But Dr. South was showing him a great kindness, and it seemed ungrateful to refuse his offer for no adequate reason. So in his shy way, trying to appear as matter of fact as possible, he made some attempt to explain why it was so important to him to carry out the plans he had cherished so passionately. Dr. South listened quietly, and a gentle look came into his shrewd old eyes. It seemed to Philip an added kindness that he did not press him to accept his offer. Benevolence is often very peremptory. He appeared to look upon Philip's reasons as sound. Dropping the subject, he began to talk of his own youth. He had been in the Royal Navy, and it was his long connection with the sea that, when he retired, had made him settle it faringly. He told Philip of old days in the Pacific, and of wild adventures in China. He had taken part in an expedition against the headhunters of Borneo, and had known Samoa when it was still an independent state. He had touched at Coral Islands. Philip listened to him entranced. Little by little he told Philip about himself. Dr. South was a widower, his wife had died thirty years before, and his daughter had married a farmer in Rhodesia. He had quarreled with him, and she had not come to England for ten years. It was just as if he had never had wife or child. He was very lonely. His gruffness was little more than a protection which he wore to hide a complete disillusionment. To Philip it seemed tragic to see him just waiting for death, not impatiently, but rather with loathing for it, hating old age, and unable to resign himself to its limitations, and yet with the feeling that death was the only solution of the bitterness of his life. Philip crossed his path, and the natural affection which long separation from his daughter had killed, she had taken her husband's part in the quarrel, and her children he had never seen, settled itself upon Philip. At first it made him angry. He told himself it was a sign of dodig, but there was something in Philip that attracted him, and he found himself smiling at him. He knew not why. Philip did not bore him. Once or twice he put his hand on his shoulder. It was as near a caress as he had got since his daughter left England so many years before. When the time came for Philip to go, Dr. South accompanied him to the station. He found himself unaccountably depressed. "'I've had a ripping time here,' said Philip. You've been awfully kind to me.' I suppose you're very glad to go. "'I've enjoyed myself here. But you want to get out into the world. Ah, you have youth.' He hesitated a moment. "'I want you to remember that if you change your mind, my offer still stands.' That's awfully kind of you. Philip shook hands with him out of the carriage window, and the train steamed out of the station. Philip thought of the fortnight he was going to spend in the hopfield. He was happy at the idea of seeing his friends again, and he rejoiced because the day was fine. But Dr. South walked slowly back to his empty house. He felt very old and very lonely.